{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner\par
Monday Afternoon Bedtime Story \endash  WIOD Disney Diaries Oct 21 2013\b0\par
\par
I\rquote ve covered my experience with the live broadcast part of these shows in a previous bed time story.. ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.facebook.com/groups/TheNeilRogersShow/10151624089998425/ }}{\fldrslt{https://www.facebook.com/groups/TheNeilRogersShow/10151624089998425/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 )\par
\par
This one isn\rquote t about Neil, or Rick and Suds, or Randi or Phil. This one is about the Producers, promotions staff, and the rest of us WIOD flunkies who were let loose on Disney World one long weekend.\par
\par
The way these remote broadcasts go down is like this: The Client, Disney, is celebrating some big deal and wants to have the whole station head up there and broadcast their shows live from the parks in their studios on Park grounds. So the station, in addition to charging them a small fortune, insists that they\rquote ll need to pay for all the hosts, and their spouses, and their kids attend, as well as each show\rquote s producer, the promotions team, engineers, middle management, program directors, and Sales staff. Disney: \ldblquote Okay\rdblquote .\par
\par
And in return, the entire station does their broadcast live from the studios in the park, interviewing their marketing director about the opening of the new ride, their President about what\rquote s planned for later this year, local celebrities who are on site to promote their own Disney related products and shows, etc etc. And between all that, they\rquote ll talk to a few callers on the phone and deal with echo in the headphones, and talk back to the studio to play a sound effect or bit because they cant bring that stuff with them to the park, all while trying to keep it very clean and \ldblquote disneyesque\rdblquote .\par
\par
Say what you want about Disney\'85 they\rquote re no Mickey Mouse operation. Nothing happens in that park that\rquote s unplanned.\par
\par
Except when WIOD Producers show up.\par
\par
The plan was we all truck up there on Wednesday night, separately. Each show does their normal shift on Thurs and Fri. We get to stay the weekend and check out Sunday.\par
\par
And aside from the shows, and a few meetings with Disney representatives, we were on our own for the most part, with free world passes, transportation and food.\par
\par
Thursday morning we arrive and are immediately meeting with the Disney marketing Reps who hand us all our tickets, passes, and goodies, including a huge bag containing Disney pins and an empty Photo Album marking their 20th Anniversary. Remember those commercials? \ldblquote ONE\'85.TWO\'85.THRE, FOUR, FIVESIXSEVENEIGHTNINETENELEVEN\'85\rdblquote  ({{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/21XMvj1v5TM }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/21XMvj1v5TM\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
)\par
\par
So we finish out meeting, scarf down our free top notch lunch they provided and head off to our hotels.\par
\par
The air staff, sales staff, and managers all stay in one of the big luxury places.\par
\par
The riff-raff like me and the rest of the producers and promo staff get a middle level hotel, rooming all next to each other at Port Orleans.\par
\par
And it\rquote s like straight out of a college co-ed movie from the minute we check in.\par
\par
We\rquote re SOOOO loud in the lobby. Half of us are already baked from the drive over from the lunch meeting, the other half are in the bag having already been to the bar. We\rquote re falling over each other\rquote s luggage, some of us are just using just trash bags. We\rquote ve got beepers going off, loudly reciting inappropriate Neil drops (\ldblquote Rectum! Damn near Killed him! OHH!\rdblquote ), asking the Concierge where we can buy smokes and booze, and too jazzed up about 4 free days in the Magic Kingdom to pay attention to the reservations desk telling us where our rooms are located.\par
\par
We dump our stuff in the rooms, grab our gear, and head to the park. MGM (Now Disney Hollywood Studios) had a real radio station just inside the main entrance, and we\rquote re broadcasting from there.\par
\par
\par
\par
Each show does their normal gig, and out side of that, we\rquote re free to do whatever we want.\par
\par
Most of us wander close by where we need to be, hanging out at MGM before our shifts for a few hours, taking in a ride or 3, before heading to the studios for the show. After each show, those working it head back to Port Orleans until we\rquote re all there, all shows done for the day, and we get ready.\par
\par
We sat in each other\rquote s rooms smoking and drinking.. and then hit the park. We were a mob of like 8 or so.. 9 guys and gals all in their 20s, all on a paid, no holds barred party vacation in the Magic Kingdom.\par
\par
\ldblquote EPCOT FIRST!\rdblquote  someone says. I second the motion with \ldblquote There\rquote s BOOZE there\rdblquote . And off we go.\par
\par
Backpacks in hand for a change of clothes, disposable cameras, pockets stuffed with free tickets and wristbands.\par
\par
We all get on the old BALL ride narrated by Walter Kronkite, where they slowly go over the history of human communication, in cars 2x2. And we\rquote re yelling back at our group behind and out to the ones up ahead of us. As each of our cars pass the \ldblquote radio\rdblquote  area with Marconi each yells out \ldblquote OHHH!!!\rdblquote  . It sounded like an echo as each of our cars passed it. \ldblquote OHHH!\rdblquote  OHHH!\rdblquote  OHHHH!\rdblquote  Cars in front of our group and craning their necks to see who\rquote s behind us\'85 the ones behind us are avoiding eye contact when we turn around after they \ldblquote shhhhh\rdblquote  us.\par
\par
Off that ride and straight to England to drink some beer. Then off to Mexico for the the slow boat ride and dinner (con cerveza y margaritas!) Off to Body Wars, pausing in the darkness to party in secrecy. Fireworks. France and Italy for Deserts. More pausing in darkness. Back to England.\par
\par
Even after the park closed, we continued the party. A group of us gathered in Halcyon and her friend Chastine\rquote s room, drinking, clowning around, flirting. Some stumbled home (a few doors down on the floor) and others fell asleep in their clothes on the floor or in beds.\par
\par
The next morning was a train wreck. Everyone waking in a fog in their strange hotel room. Some waking in a fog in someone else\rquote s hotel room. Struggling to get dressed to go get coffee and breakfast, then back to the park for work.\par
\par
When Friday ended, there was no reason to hold back any longer. We didn\rquote t care if we saw our bosses, the hosts with spouses or kids, managers.. We went home showered, and went straight to Pleasure Island, which was only a few years old at that time, so the novelty of it was new, and amazing, and insane. We went club to club, celebrating New Years Eve. We pretended to be a group of tourists from Oklahoma. We pretended to be a family. We pretended to be college students. We just didn\rquote t care.\par
\par
At some point, one of us referenced the 20th Anniversary.. and that commercial that ran, showing 20 fun reasons to go to Disney. And an idea and theme to our madness was created\'85 like Frankenstein\rquote s monster.\par
\par
\ldblquote Let\rquote s create our OWN 20 reasons, take pictures, and fill up that huge photo album they gave us!\rdblquote\par
\par
Resounding \ldblquote YES\rdblquote\rquote s by all solidified it. And for the next 2 nights and two days, we ransacked the park, pestering patrons, ticket takers, maintenance guys, even characters into performing tricks so we could get them all done.\par
\par
And everywhere we went skipping, stumbling, smoking, stuporing we sang at the top of our lungs, the song.\par
\par
\ldblquote ONE.dadadadadada TWO..dadadadadada THREE..dadaFOUR..dada FIVESIXSEVENEIGHTNINETENELEVEN. TWELVE..dadadadadadTHIRTEEN\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Huey Dewey and Louie! Hold up ONE FINGER!!! \ldblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote THREE!!!!\rdblquote  we all yell in unison.. \ldblquote dadadadad ..FOUR.dadadadaFIVESIXSEVENEAIGHTNINETENELEVEN\rdblquote  and go on our way.\par
\par
Photo bombing (long before that was an actual word) families who\rquote ve waited their entire lives and saved for years to go had us holding up fingers in front of their picture at the castle.\par
\par
5 Shots of rum on the counter for us \ldblquote FIVESIXSEVENEIGHTNINETENELEVEN\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hey! Let\rquote s get 10 girls from the Norway Ride in Epcot and use them and their boobs for 20\rdblquote  \endash  \ldblquote DONE! LETS GO!\rdblquote  and we\rquote d grab our passes, take the tram and go get our picture with them and their boobs.\par
\par
It was possibly the most drunken, out of control, Disney Themed scavenger hunt ever.\par
\par
At one point, someone had lost their ticket, and we actually scammed our way in, handing our scanable park ticket back thru the fence to them so we could all be inside when we took the picture.\par
\par
Finally, down to only the number \ldblquote ONE\rdblquote  late Sunday afternoon, seated for lunch, we couldn\rquote t figure out or agree what should cap off this incredible memorable adventure. We only had another 2 hours or so before we had to start the drive back home.. and we were at a total stand still. Marvin suggested just a picture of the photo album. Some people liked that idea. Not bad. Someone suggested just a rolled joint. Some people liked that one too\'85 Not bad.\par
\par
That\rquote s when our waiter, the most flamboyant, lisping, tip-toeing, gay guy popped over to the table and squealed \ldblquote Hey, y\rquote all! Ith there anything I can geth you to duhhhh-RINK?\rdblquote\par
\par
Done. We explained who were were, probably for the first time telling the truth, and what were were doing, and about our scavenger hunt, and the radio station, and partying.\par
\par
And Andy, our very gay waiter, posed holding up a big number one, smiling from ear to rear. \emdash  with Halcyon Salazar.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 October 21 at 1:16pm\par
\par
    Michael Allen Smith, Jon Elias, Scooter Livingston and 8 others like this.\par
    50 of 105\par
    View previous comments\par
    Halcyon Salazar OK...so I hope no wives or hubands get too upset:)...fancy any grapes Adam Kirschner?\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 1:57pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner BAAAAAAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA\par
    October 22 at 1:57pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner THAT. is AWESOME.\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar No commentary to these....\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias oh wow\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Ohhhh boy\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Halcyon Salazar Adam Kirschner and Andrew Kalb...playing...\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 2:00pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Halcyon Salazar, why not show them the number THREE..duhduhduhduhduh\par
    October 22 at 2:00pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Andrew Kalb playing with my balls\par
    October 22 at 2:00pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Halcyon Salazar Lol...\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 2:00pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner THREEEEEEE\par
    October 22 at 2:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner BWAAHAHAHAHAHHA\par
    October 22 at 2:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder Don't move. I'll go get you a towel. LOL!\par
    October 22 at 2:01pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Amazing. I cant believe you still have all of these\par
    October 22 at 2:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar Such a scandalous weekend:)\par
    October 22 at 2:02pm \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner So awesome\par
    October 22 at 2:02pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias How did this not end up being the first story you ever told???\par
    October 22 at 2:05pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner lmmfao.. I didnt know there were pics!\par
    October 22 at 2:06pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias It will be hard to top this, but I have a feeling you will find a way.\par
    October 22 at 2:06pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Actually, I didnt tell it first because it's not about Neil or Rick or Suds or Randi\par
    October 22 at 2:06pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Lets face it.. without Halcyon Salazar s pictures, it's just another boring story. But I'm surprised at how many of the pics I made up on the initial image and told in the story are actually showing up here.\par
    October 22 at 2:07pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Good points, but now that we also have the pictures to go with the story, this just moved up a couple of notches to NUMBER ONE\par
    October 22 at 2:08pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I'm actually surprised to were able to remember everything in such great detail.\par
    October 22 at 2:09pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I'm oh so happy about these pics I cannot tell you... I have nothing picture wise from that era, which is why I photoshop all my bed time stories\par
    October 22 at 2:10pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner so am I, Jon Elias.. So am I\par
    October 22 at 2:10pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Halcyon Salazar I am in awe of Adam's memory. I barely remember half the stories and I was witness to them.\par
    October 22 at 2:10pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I love the fact that the pictures validate what I wrote so it doenst seem like I'm just making all this shit up!\par
    October 22 at 2:11pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias It's funny that the picture of "Andy" that you used, which I thought was actually the real picture, and the actual Andy picture that Halcyon Salazar posted are so close.\par
    October 22 at 2:14pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner if you can come up with 20 photos from that weekend, I could rework that Disney Commercial so it tells the story of OUR Magic Kingdom Weekend...\par
    October 22 at 2:15pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Fred Sowder I was only up for this for Friday evening while on my way from Miami to Gainesville. Since I was part time, someone had to stay back and run the board.\par
    October 22 at 2:17pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar Here are a couple more for your ad.\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 2:17pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Revealed! The Magic Kingdom Commercial Walt wouldn't want you to see!\par
    October 22 at 2:18pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar\par
    Halcyon Salazar's photo.\par
    October 22 at 2:18pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner ELEVEN! FOUR!\par
    October 22 at 2:18pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner so f-ing amazing!\par
    October 22 at 2:19pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner the look on the guy next to Marvin's face is PRICELESS!!!!\par
    October 22 at 2:19pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Halcyon Salazar I have the originals to the ones Andy posted...so I will scan those and post them tomorrow...and will look for any others.\par
    October 22 at 2:20pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Oh man, look at the guy on the end in the orange from that quartet. He's having none of this!\par
    October 22 at 2:20pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I'm SO going t redo that commercial..\par
    October 22 at 2:20pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I told you...we were on a drunken mISSION and nothing got in the way.. we bugged the CRAP out of anyone and everyone\par
    October 22 at 2:21pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner This is now officially my favorite bedtime story\par
    October 22 at 2:22pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner And all these photos will be added to the book, crediting Halcyon\par
    October 22 at 2:22pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Halcyon Salazar Mine too...\par
    October 22 at 2:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias To think, I was going to stop by here for a minute or two this morning and then get some serious work done. That ended up not happening. Funny how this group can do that... Good thing I work from home too.\par
    October 22 at 2:29pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI Halcyon Salazar if you gave more pics of this trip or anything else Wiod I'd like them.. the station lost their entire archive about 8 years ago in a flood\par
    October 22 at 2:44pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder Then again, what year was this? If it was '92 or '93, I think I might've still been interning there and/or managing WVUM at the time.\par
    October 22 at 2:50pm \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar It was December 1992\par
    October 22 at 2:52pm \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder Okay, it was my senior year of college, then. It was after I interned but before I began as an employee. You did hook my friend and me up with passes, though. Thanks again, Halcyon!\par
    October 22 at 2:54pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Williams I love it! Thanks!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 