{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner\par
\b0 Tuesday Midday Bed Time Story: Not talkin\rquote  about women. Oct 22 2013\par
\par
Most mornings before the Rick and Suds Show I\rquote d stumble in around 4:45 with my mug of coffee, my CD of Smashing Pumpkins or Rage Against the Machine and my headphones, and sit in the empty studio combing through the paper, cutting out articles and highlighting things, pull the Live Copy Folders for the show, finalize the prep folders for any guests we had that day, prepare a copy of the log highlighting when and where certain things ran, laying out a schedule of things we\rquote d planned that day. It didn\rquote t really matter; Rick would show up at 5:58 with his briefcase stuffed with things he\rquote d found since I\rquote d talked to him last, and those would usually trump anything we\rquote d planned. And deservedly so. Most times, if Rick had found an angle on something really good, his enthusiasm would always make it that much better.\par
\par
Suds would always show up earlier than Rick, around 5:45 or so, and he always had his briefcase filled too, but mostly with snacks like a bag of pretzels and a baloney sandwich. And the TV guide.\par
\par
Whenever I was done, I would go to the Control Room and sit in one of the chairs in that room and strike up a conversation with whomever was running the board, often times it was about if Larry King had said anything worthy of carting up, or what Rick and Suds had planned for the day. One morning, I around 5:15am, a 14 year old boy popped into the control room. He was homeless waif thin and had the most perfectly coiffed golden locks. He was dressed like any preppy Connecticut toddler would; khaki pants, penny loafers with actual pennies in them, argyle socks and a freshly ironed crisp blue oxford. It\rquote s dark in the control room, (Mike, the blind board op liked it that way.. not that it made a difference to him.. ) and the light shining behind the boy in the doorway gave him and ominous, golden boy appearance.\par
\par
I\rquote m wearing what most radio people wear.. what they would sitting around the house. I\rquote m in my ripped jeans, t-shirt, flannel around my waist and timberland boots. And the child opens his mouth and speaks.\par
\par
\ldblquote Hello. I\rquote m Brian Andrews\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hi Brian.. are you lost? Can I help you? Where\rquote s your mommy? ATTENTION SHOPPERS, WE HAVE A LOST CHILD IN THE CONTROL ROOM\rdblquote  I thought..\par
\par
\ldblquote Hi\rdblquote  was all I got to utter before he continued.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m doing news this morning for WIOD\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote ohkay\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Where do I get the weather report and cuts from certain stories?\rdblquote  he asks.\par
\par
\ldblquote Follow me\rdblquote  I say as I get up and walk him back to the news room.\par
\par
\ldblquote This here is the weather printer\rdblquote  I say, pointing to the dot matrix printer continuously spooling it\rquote s prefolded paper into a box behind it. \ldblquote The audio cuts come from here\rdblquote  I said pointing to his MS-DOS amber colored font screen. \ldblquote Find the cut you want, and cart it up here\rdblquote  I said pointing to the built in cart deck.\par
\par
\ldblquote Someone\rquote s going to have to do that for me. I don\rquote t have time for that. That\rquote s not my job\rdblquote  he said hinting at me as he breezed past me back to his work station.\par
\par
\ldblquote Okay. Good luck with that\rdblquote  I said as I walked out back to the control room.\par
\par
I tell Mike the story and we laugh saying things like \ldblquote who\rquote s this kid think he is?\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Man is he in for a SUPER rude awakening\rdblquote , and throwing out a few \ldblquote yessir, bawss. I gets to cartin\rquote  up yo stuffs rites away, suh!\rdblquote\par
\par
So to say we didn\rquote t hit it off is an understatement of monumental proportions.\par
\par
And every half hour Brian would use all his might to pry open the heavy control room door to grab his spots for his newscast and say things like \ldblquote I have 5 stories, 3 cuts and traffic and weather\rdblquote  like I cared or needed to know that in any way.\par
\par
\ldblquote You\rquote re out at 04:55.\rdblquote  And when he hit :04:55 past the hour, even if he was in mid sentence, I played the show open. \ldblquote Sorry bawss. I gots to hit that open on time, suh\rdblquote  I mumbled to myself. And he\rquote d come in, place the spots on the desk and ask what happened.\par
\par
\ldblquote You gotta be timed out better I guess. You\rquote ll get the hang of it soon..I hope\rdblquote\par
\par
As soon as Neil came into the control room, I barraged him with the story about the newsroom man-boy. He took one look at Brian when he came in to grab his spots, and looked at me, and laughed.\par
\par
I guess when the rest of the news staff showed up that day they clued him in a little better\'85 but he was still a fish out of water. We didn\rquote t talk much, only what we had to. It got friendlier, but was still mostly all business.\par
\par
Fast forward a few weeks later, and Brian and I are on decent speaking terms, though not best buddies by any sense of the imagination. In the middle of the Rick and Suds show, around Brian storms into the control room to tell me we\rquote re going wall to wall, which is non-stop news coverage. They\rquote re taking over the show. An armed hijacker has taken over a bus filled with disabled children, and it\rquote s storming down the Palmetto.\par
\par
I type onto the screen where the caller names that we have breaking news, throw it to Brian in the newsroom.. I hit the talk-back button twice fast, which clicks off the overhead speakers in the studio to get their attention, take my index finger and grab the bottom of one of my eyes and pull (the symbol for \ldblquote look at the screen\rdblquote ). Rick reads it, says \ldblquote Hold on, we have breaking news from the 610 WIOD news center\rdblquote  and I play the breaking news sounder.\par
\par
And Brian launches into the story. He\rquote s watching Channel 7 coverage from their helicopter as they follow the bus. Rick flips on the TV in the studio and I do in the control room. And Brian is doing play by play..and he\rquote s not half bad. Until..\par
\par
He starts mentioning roads. Because he\rquote s new. And he has no idea where the bus is. So when roads like the Palmetto curve, he assumes theyre on a new highway.\par
\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re headed East on 95.\rdblquote\par
\par
Wait, whut?\par
\par
Rick and I and Suds are all looking at each other as this continues. And we\rquote re not only laughing, we\rquote re embarrassed for the station. And for Brian. Rick jumps in.\par
\par
\ldblquote Brian, that looks like they\rquote re still on the Palmetto\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Okay, yes, they Palmetto Expressway. Heading east. Wait, no west.\rdblquote\par
\par
Soon after it all ends, with Rick and Suds and Neil and Brian all on air together.\par
\par
And that was kinda the ice breaker to get Brian to be one of us. SHAME. We all suffered it, and as long as Brian tried to be that \ldblquote I\rquote m better. I\rquote m a NEWSMAN(boy)\rdblquote  attitude, he was never going to be one of the group.\par
\par
It wasn\rquote t long after that that he started loosening up the top button of his oxford and recording news drops like \ldblquote We\rquote re not talkin\rquote  about women!\rdblquote  and \ldblquote Polly wanna cracker?\rdblquote\par
\par
One Friday afternoon after my nap, I wake up around 2pm and head to my balcony. I live in a 5 story building across the street from WIOD. I\rquote d first lived in a studio, then shared an apartment with another producer, then when I got the Rick and Suds gig had enough cash to get my own one bedroom apartment. And I\rquote d paid extra for the bay view, looking across at downtown Miami. It was a spectacular bachelor pad. I had a trellis and all kinds of plants on the balcony making it a tropical paradise out there.. the plants, the view of the water and and skyline all lit up at night\'85 It was awesome.\par
\par
And I step out into the tropical garden in my underwear to smoke, drink coffee, and enjoy the magnificence of my life, and a waterfall of water comes pouring over the balcony, drenching my whole patio, soaking my plants with soapy water, extinguishing my cigarette in the ashtray and covering the entire area with dirty water mixed with clinched out smokes in the ashtray and mud from knocked over plants.\par
\par
\ldblquote HEY! WHAT THE FUCK!\rdblquote  and I hear the door close on the balcony above.\par
\par
I go back to my room, clean myself off and dress while chugging my coffee, then STORM upstairs. I knock on the door rapidly, but not too hard. I want them to answer. I have no clue who my upstairs neighbors are but they\rquote re gonna meet me RIGHT FRICKING NOW that\rquote s for godddam sure.\par
\par
I knock again.\par
\par
\ldblquote justaminute\rdblquote  I hear muffled from inside.\par
\par
And the door cracks open, and lo-and-behold, it\rquote s Brian goddam Andrews.\par
\par
\ldblquote Dude, WTF?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hey Adam!\rdblquote  You live in the building?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Yeah dude. Apparently I\rquote m your goddam downstairs neighbor. The one you just fucking showered with a goddam waterfall over your balcony, onto mine with dirty fucking soapy water\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Ohh I\rquote m sorry. My mom came over and is cleaning.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Well isn\rquote t that goddam nice of her. Do me a favor and tell her when the 10 gallons of water she just dumped onto your balcony leaves goes over the edge, it doesn\rquote t magically disappear. It soaks me, my plants, all my shit, then leaves and lands on the people below me.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m sorry. I\rquote ll tell her. Wanna come in?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote No thanks.\rdblquote\par
\par
And I head back down the hall.\par
\par
The next day, we turned it into a bit on air, ragging on Brian about his mommy coming over to clean his house. \ldblquote She do yer laundry too, Brian?\rdblquote  \ldblquote She did a nice job of ironing today, Brian\rdblquote . \ldblquote What did mommy pack you for lunch today?\rdblquote  \ldblquote\par
\par
The next Friday when I awake from my nap and head outside, the balcony is drowned again. Brian\rquote s mom had once again cleaned, but earlier during my nap.\par
\par
I took the ashtray, filled with 20 smokes, the ash/mud and water, leaned over my railing, and lobbed the entire thing onto his balcony and the rugs she\rquote d hung over the side. Black and tan ash mud dribbled down the white mat.\par
\par
And Brian\rquote s mom never Niagra\rquote d my balcony again.\par
\par
A few months later Brian was gone from WIOD, (off to Channel 7 where he belonged) and out of the crappy apartment building we lived in. And I honestly can say that I was a little sad.. sad for me because he was good for ragging on at WIOD\'85and sad for the next person he lived above.\par
.\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 October 22 at 12:22pm \'b7 Edited\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, Jon Elias and 8 others like this.\par
    Jon Elias Another gem! I remember training a person for a radio shift at the station I managed, and she told me about her dealings with him. She had absolutely nothing good to say about him. Was that hijacked bus the one that ended up at Joe's Stone Crabs?\par
    October 22 at 12:39pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias At least at IOD it seems like he figured out where his place was; definitely a wise move on his part.\par
    October 22 at 12:41pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Yes, I think that was the news story. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://articles.baltimoresun.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://articles.baltimoresun.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 ...\par
    School bus is hijacked suspect slain\par
    articles.baltimoresun.com\par
    MIAMI BEACH, Fla. -- A man saying he had a bomb hijacked a school bus yesterday ...See More\par
    October 22 at 12:47pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I thought that was it. Where I was working at that time I wrote a song parody to the tune of Yellow Submarine. One of the lines was "We all ride in a yellow death machine". It was decided that it was a bad idea because of the kids involved.\par
    October 22 at 12:51pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I'll say it again. Count me among the people who hope you do decide to put these stories and illustrations together in some kind of an e-book or something along those lines.\par
    October 22 at 12:54pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Mark Hoffmann The guy ended up at Joe's didn't he? I woke up one morning couple months later when the guy got blown up at the bus stop in front of the station...there's Brian on Ch 7 floating around the scene with the crime tape across where we're supposed to park. Good way to start the day.\par
    October 22 at 1:03pm \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Hoffmann And I have to stay off facebook or everyday is going to be remembering 1995.\par
    October 22 at 1:04pm \'b7 Like\par
    Judy Wolgang Adam--wasn't that the story during which he referred to you as his "colleague?" I remember that morning well, and cringed right along with you guys. Thanks for the mammories!\par
    October 22 at 1:10pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I could only imagine what it would be like to feel the collective "wrath" of that IOD staff back in those days. I put wrath in quotes because my guess is they wouldn't kill you, but you might wish you were dead. That's a group I wouldn't want to get on the bad side of, and coming around and playing nice would have to be considered a very good idea.\par
    October 22 at 1:19pm \'b7 Like\par
    Hector Diaz Adam another great bedtime story. Thanks for the mammories\par
    October 22 at 1:27pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner YES! Judy Wolgang! That is it EXACTLY! "My colleague Adam Kirschner has informed me that they're still driving north on Red Road" or whatever I told him\par
    October 22 at 1:57pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Fred Sowder The chicken clucking drop that Brian Andrews did was a classic.\par
    October 22 at 1:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston And not a mention of 'IOD... {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://miami.cbslocal.com/personality/brian-andrews/ }}{\fldrslt{http://miami.cbslocal.com/personality/brian-andrews/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Brian Andrews - CBS Miami\par
    miami.cbslocal.com\par
    Brian Andrews joins the CBS4 News Special Projects team as an Investigative Repo...See More\par
    Yesterday at 12:48pm \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Great stuff....as usual!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 