{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner \'b7 July 25 at 1:01pm\b0\par
Thursday Midday Story: Chronic Review - Alfred "Al" Rogers\par
\par
Many of you've seen him in here.. I have him blocked, (so I won't be able to see any of his responses).. but I recommend most of you do the same.\par
\par
See, unlike The Guy With The Eyes (TGWTE) or the Fanny Pack Guy (TFPG), no one really understood his modus operandi until it was far too late.\par
\par
With TGWTE, you knew he was angry, perturbed, semi-hostile, and loved every minute of it from the moment you saw him. And FPG was what he was.. just a happy go lucky Neil fanatic.\par
\par
But with Al, ... Al's an entirely different sort of douchebag altogether.\par
\par
"Al's an entirely different sort of douchebag"\par
\par
Thanks.\par
\par
Al started showing up at Neil events before I even started probably. And so when I get there, I just saw him as some Neilie. And struck up a few conversations along the way. He SEEMED normal.. except for that shock of dark curly hair and that 70's "porn star" mustache.\par
\par
But he was, unlike lot of the chronics, able to hold down a conversation, ask questions, provide answers to questions you asked.. like a normal human being.\par
\par
I started to notice he was showing up at events more and more... Dade, Broward, Palm Beach... didnt matter. Hell, even Fat Rich did that. Until I noticed one day as I was packing the van to leave that he didn't get into his car... he climbed onto a scooter. And not a pimped out one.. like a moped almost. And it struck me as REALLY odd that this guy would not only travel across multiple counties in order to stand around for 2 hours at a Neil appearance, but that he must have spent at LEAST that amount of time traveling to GET THERE and go home. I mean, who has 5 hours to dedicate to watching a local radio personality sit at a table and sign things and drink Snapple? I was getting PAID for it and I barely had enough time. But, as usual, I digress... He never showed up with anyone. We just all assumed he was a really lonely sad guy, so down on his luck he either couldnt afford a car, or gas, or had some kind of legal troubles that prevented him from owning a car.\par
\par
Once Randi started, and I moved out of the promotions gig into her producer's chair, things got a little more ramped up and strange. He started showing up at the Randi events too. He'd show up and stand next to the table where Randi sat, and not leave... like he was part of the crew, talking to people like he was somehow involved. i wouldnt have been surprised if he offered people his autograph. And he started calling her show. And often, because he'd be one of the 2 callers to the show, I'd put him on the air. They seemed to hit it off...he was weird, and loved Randi, and Randi loved Randi, and liked weird people...so it just fit. Besides... with only her mom on the other line, killing 5 minutes of airtime with Al was as good a way to do it as any.\par
\par
But then...Al would show up at places that weren't even public appearances. Like Randi would say offhandedly that she and Jim were eating dinner at their regular hole-in-the-wall pizza shack around the corner from their house, and god-damn if Al didnt show up. Or Randi would say "I'm going bowling with my the lovely friend (whateverhername was) at Don Carter", and sure as scooter Al would show up. It was like he not only thought he was part of her show, he thought he was part of her inner circle.\par
\par
I've heard rumor that Randi filed a restraining order, but I dont know anything about that. I know she had to file several at different points, but I dont know if Al was one of them.\par
\par
What I do know is that no matter where Neil or Randi went, you could always count on hearing the put-put-put of a scooter pulling up at Specs, or Pizza Loft, or Peaches, or Barnes and Noble or whatever. He was ALWAYS there.\par
\par
And for those of you who haven't blocked him yet, you'll notice he still is.\par
\par
Here's what I remember him looking like:\par
Thursday Midday Story: Chronic Review - Alfred "Al" Rogers Many of you've seen him in here.. I have him blocked, (so I won't be able to see any of his responses).. but I recommend most of you do the same. See, unlike The Guy With The Eyes (TGWTE) or the Fanny Pack Guy (TFPG), no one really understood his modus operandi until it was far too late. With TGWTE, you knew he was angry, perturbed, semi-hostile, and loved every minute of it from the moment you saw him. And FPG was what he was.. just a happy go lucky Neil fanatic. But with Al, ... Al's an entirely different sort of douchebag altogether. "Al's an entirely different sort of douchebag" Thanks. Al started showing up at Neil events before I even started probably. And so when I get there, I just saw him as some Neilie. And struck up a few conversations along the way. He SEEMED normal.. except for that shock of dark curly hair and that 70's "porn star" mustache. But he was, unlike lot of the chronics, able to hold down a conversation, ask questions, provide answers to questions you asked.. like a normal human being. I started to notice he was showing up at events more and more... Dade, Broward, Palm Beach... didnt matter. Hell, even Fat Rich did that. Until I noticed one day as I was packing the van to leave that he didn't get into his car... he climbed onto a scooter. And not a pimped out one.. like a moped almost. And it struck me as REALLY odd that this guy would not only travel across multiple counties in order to stand around for 2 hours at a Neil appearance, but that he must have spent at LEAST that amount of time traveling to GET THERE and go home. I mean, who has 5 hours to dedicate to watching a local radio personality sit at a table and sign things and drink Snapple? I was getting PAID for it and I barely had enough time. But, as usual, I digress... He never showed up with anyone. We just all assumed he was a really lonely sad guy, so down on his luck he either couldnt afford a car, or gas, or had some kind of legal troubles that prevented him from owning a car. Once Randi started, and I moved out of the promotions gig into her producer's chair, things got a little more ramped up and strange. He started showing up at the Randi events too. He'd show up and stand next to the table where Randi sat, and not leave... like he was part of the crew, talking to people like he was somehow involved. i wouldnt have been surprised if he offered people his autograph. And he started calling her show. And often, because he'd be one of the 2 callers to the show, I'd put him on the air. They seemed to hit it off...he was weird, and loved Randi, and Randi loved Randi, and liked weird people...so it just fit. Besides... with only her mom on the other line, killing 5 minutes of airtime with Al was as good a way to do it as any. But then...Al would show up at places that weren't even public appearances. Like Randi would say offhandedly that she and Jim were eating dinner at their regular hole-in-the-wall pizza shack around the corner from their house, and god-damn if Al didnt show up. Or Randi would say "I'm going bowling with my the lovely friend (whateverhername was) at Don Carter", and sure as scooter Al would show up. It was like he not only thought he was part of her show, he thought he was part of her inner circle. I've heard rumor that Randi filed a restraining order, but I dont know anything about that. I know she had to file several at different points, but I dont know if Al was one of them. What I do know is that no matter where Neil or Randi went, you could always count on hearing the put-put-put of a scooter pulling up at Specs, or Pizza Loft, or Peaches, or Barnes and Noble or whatever. He was ALWAYS there. And for those of you who haven't blocked him yet, you'll notice he still is. Here's what I remember him looking like:\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 Yesterday at 1:01pm\par
\par
    Barry Rose, John Pearson and 2 others like this.\par
    Adam Kirschner Tomorrow: the Amazing Gilbewt\par
    Yesterday at 6:43pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Barry Rose This post got me thinking. Does anyone have pics from the remotes? I know that they were pre smartphone, but someone had to have had a camera with them. Would love to see if any of the chronics you've written about we're captured on film.\par
    21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I'm sure they were by someone.. I'll see what I can find.. others should look too\par
    21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley I remember Suds used to do the same thing. Every time we'd have a remote, he'd show up. Sometimes, even when I was driving in my car, I'd look over, and he'd be there... right next to me. Weird!!!\par
    21 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 5\par
    Mark Srebro Great stuff as usual, Adam. After reading all these stories, I feel like I'm now a part -- heck, we're all now a part -- of the WIOD Glory Days inner circle now. (Don't worry; no need to get a restraining order. My scooter was repossessed. I also don't look like Super Mario.)\par
    21 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro Adam Kirschner I have joined you on the Block Al Rogers team\par
    18 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Like I said.. if he's commenting here, I don't know it\par
    11 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Robert Goldman He is now blocked by me the DFG\par
    9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Robert Goldman Adam he is here posting bs . The admins need to block and bar him\par
    9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Feel free to repost his lunacy comments for those of us who can no longer be stalked\par
    9 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley Just to make sure, I have now blocked MYSELF. I want to make sure I don't read ANY of this crap... especially MINE! Feel free to repost what I say, because I won't be able to see it!!\par
    9 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 6\par
    Barry Rose Man, I need help!\par
    9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Rick Riley BTW, I'm also looking at getting a restraining order against me. Don't know if I'll need it yet, but if I do, I'll let you know. If I do, please repost it, because I've blocked myself and won't know what I've posted. Thanks!\par
    8 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Dan Santoro Oh, we're fine.........\par
    8 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Rick Riley: Just to make sure, I have now blocked MYSELF. I want to make sure I don't read ANY of this crap... especially MINE! Feel free to repost what I say, because I won't be able to see it!!\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner anyone wanna copy and paste some of the Crazy Al posts?\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley Adam, thank you for reposting. I was curious as to what I said.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Rick Riley: Adam, thank you for reposting. I was curious as to what I said.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 5\par
    Jay Adler Department of Redundancy Department\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro "Rick Riley IS an imbecile!"\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 