{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Oct 23 2013 4:38PM\par
Adam Kirschner\b0\par
Wednesday Afternoon Bed Time Story: The Great Briefcase Robbery\par
\par
This one is kinda fuzzy.. I don\rquote t have all the specifics.. and some of this stuff may be coming from things I\rquote d learned afterwards, or that I\rquote ve made up in my head since based on other real things that may or may not have happened.. so take it for what it\rquote s worth. Rick, and or Suds may remember differently, but my guess is since they couldn\rquote t remember anything in 1991, that by now it\rquote s as forgotten as.. uhm..something else I cant remember. But I THINK this is how I remember it all going down\'85\par
\par
Back when I was still a part-timer, a total flunkie, splitting my whopping 29.5 hours per week for $4.25 per hour between board-opping and the Promotions Department, I would frequently help out Rick and Suds, or Neil, because frankly, at the ripe old age of 21 and fresh out of college, I was a HUGE fan of theirs, and it\rquote s why I even applied there.\par
\par
And even as a nobody, poor slob, they would let me do things like tag along with Marvin on a pay phone challenge, or sit in the control room with Jorge and eat free food Neil had gotten while I did promotions prep.\par
\par
One day, during Rick and Suds afternoon fun-festival, as I sat in the control room watching Marvin run the board and Rick and Suds doing their show, they decided to do an edition of the Trading Post.\par
\par
For those of you not in the know, The Trading Post works this way: Rick and Suds offer a prize of minimal value. A caller calls in willing to trade it. They then offer THAT item, until someone ELSE calls in willing to trade for THAT item. And so on, and so on, until Rick and Suds have something really cool that they want. Today they were hoping for a boat.\par
\par
So they ask Marvin what\rquote s around they can give away (usually they had tickets to things they had to give away for clients) but on this particular day, Marvin informs them that they don\rquote t have anything.\par
\par
So they ask me to go to the WIOD Prize Closet, which was basically a janitors closet where we kept paper, and autograph cards, and banners, and pens and hilighters, and tickets. Halcyon and I were usually the only people to go in there, and it was right next to her desk, right outside the offices of Boy Gary the Program Director and Kurt \ldblquote The Evil Twin\rdblquote  the Promotions Director.\par
\par
So I trod off to the closet, and low and behold\'85 there\rquote s noting in there but old t-shirts that I think I can offer. I walk back to the studio and tell Marvin, who tells Rick and Suds on the air.\par
\par
\ldblquote Surely there must be other things in there\rdblquote  says Rick.\par
\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s like office supplies. And banners. And some other junk in there\rdblquote  I say.\par
\par
\ldblquote Like?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote There\rquote s like some old briefcase in there\'85.\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote OOOOH!\rdblquote  says Rick.\par
\par
\ldblquote Probably Boy Gary\rquote s\rdblquote  says Suds.\par
\par
\ldblquote Go see what\rquote s in it, and bring it back\rdblquote  Says Rick.\par
\par
So, dutifully, I got back to the prize closet.\par
\par
\ldblquote Whatcha looking for?\rdblquote  asks Halcyon.\par
\par
\ldblquote Rick and Suds are doing the Trading Post. They\rquote re looking for a prize to start them off. Who\rquote s briefcase is in there?\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote I don\rquote t really know. Its been there forever\rdblquote  she says not looking up from her computer.\par
\par
\ldblquote Okay\rdblquote  I say and grab it off the top shelf, and open it. There\rquote s truly just assorted junk in it. Some old, used and abused yellow hilighters, old autograph cards from when The Bird was still part of Neil\rquote s show, some napkins, a paper plate, a cart or 2 without labels, a few packets of mustard, and assorted papers. I grabbed it and brought it to Rick.\par
\par
\ldblquote I think it\rquote s an old briefcase of Neil\rquote s, but I dunno for sure. There\rquote s only junk really in it. Looks like it\rquote s been in there a long time, too. It was all the way on the top shelf with stuff piled on it\rdblquote\par
\par
He rifled thru it much the way I did. Quickly. Reciting what he saw on air to Suds. It seemed non-threatening enough.. So Rick offered it up as \ldblquote what MIGHT be Neil Roger\rquote s briefcase\rdblquote , and the Trading Post began.\par
\par
Neil must have not been listening, because the idea that they might be giving away his briefcase didn\rquote t seem to bother him. If it had, he would have called the batline immediately.\par
\par
So they give the briefcase away.\par
\par
The next day, Neil finds out about it and goes ballistic on air. \ldblquote RICK RILEY STOLE MY GODDAM BRIEFCASE AND GAVE IT TO A GODDAM LISTENER!??!?!? WHAT THE FREAK IS GOING ON IN THIS ASSYLUM?!\rdblquote\par
\par
And it became fodder for the show. Later that day, the guy who\rquote d won the briefcase called in to go over some of the contents; he\rquote d heard Neil go nuts apparently.\par
\par
\ldblquote I think this is an old contract of his in here\rdblquote  says the caller.\par
\par
After hearing what had happened and how I\rquote d played a part in it, I made sure to show up at the station for the fallout. In the controlroom, I swallowed hard and looked at Rick. \ldblquote Uh oh\rdblquote  I said to Marvin, who was nearly in tears laughing. Rick couldn\rquote t believe it either.\par
\par
During the break, I went into the studio and professed that I had definitely NOT seen that. Only the mustard packs, carts, napkins, plates, old autograph cards and hilighters.\par
\par
\ldblquote Listen.. \ldblquote  says Rick. \ldblquote I didn\rquote t see it either. We both looked. We weren\rquote t even sure if it WAS Neil\rquote s briefcase. You said it yourself nobody knew who\rquote s it was. It was in the PROMOTIONS CLOSET, for a long time. How important could it have been to Neil if he left it in THERE??\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Hmmm.. I guess ya got me there. Yeah, yer right. \ldblquote  I said.\par
\par
The next morning, the barrage by Neil over the briefcase incident was permanently solidified into everyone\rquote s fondest or least fondest remembrances when Guitar Man called in and recorded that iconic song.\par
\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 7 hours ago\par
\par
    Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, Jon Elias and 11 others like this.\par
    50 of 56\par
\par
Ray Trujillo Wasn't the boat parked out back for a while, on a trailer?\par
20 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Yes I believe that is correct.\par
20 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
John Williams What iconic song was that? I had no clue that Guitar Man was doing songs for that long.\par
20 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Halcyon Salazar? Do you remember anything about it?\par
20 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/pJYkz94R8Uc?t=18m14s }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/pJYkz94R8Uc?t=18m14s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Neil Rogers Show - Best of Neil 1993\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
00:00 Sodomy (RC) 02:10 Mets Slide Story (RC) 03:50 Pus Palace (RCN) 04:22 Sharo...See More\par
20 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Ray Trujillo Rick Riley stole my briefcase, I want to fart in his face. Oh Rick you're a schmuck, hank Goldberg sucks, that wheel of meat should also include rick Riley's butt oh oh oh Rick Riley stole my briefcase I want to fart in his face.\par
    Ray Trujillo That smarmy dink what gives him the right, I think his wife ought to bite it off tonight.\par
    7 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo And some other stuff\par
    7 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Adam Austin Arnold\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose So, was the guy who had the briefcase just working the contract thing, or was he serious? Pretty cool to think some lucky Neilie might actually have a piece of history.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I believe it was really in there, and that he brought it back to the station in return for a Neil autograph... but I'm not 100% true\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Wow! On that note, if anyone in this group owns that contract produce pics now!!\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Ha! I'm sure if digital cameras were around back then, we'd have it for sure.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Poor Rick got mercilessly abused for that.. I mean, the thing had been in there for eons, and wasnt even locked. Frankly, Neil's lucky it hadnt been stolen sooner by one of the flunkies.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I wanted to talk to you about briefcases, contracts, and boats...\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Barry Rose That's what makes this whole scenario so cool. I was a fan, not privy to any inside stuff (why would I be?), but remember when this whole deal went down. Being able to read the backstory twenty years later brings it all full circle. I know we tell you how great your stories are, but, I don't think we say thank you often enough for taking the time to write your memories down. Thank you!\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Barry Rose Also, goes for you, Jon Elias. Your posts literally have me LOL'ing every time.\par
    7 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Awww shucks.. aint nothing.. just writing it all down for schmits and giggles...\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Rick Riley might remember things differently than I do... maybe he's got the specifics?\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I'm with Barry Rose... I want to thank you Adam Kirschner for sharing these great stories with us. Now we get to remember the times we enjoyed as listeners on a completely different level from someone who was there and a part of it all. And your stories also confirm that what really went on was just as fun, crazy, and UNN-believeable as we always thought it was.\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Thanks Barry Rose! Now you'll never be able to get rid of me\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Patrick Barthel Yay! Something to read on the toilet when I get home.. thanx Adam!\par
    6 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Rick Riley Neil was listening. He used to listen to everything we did. Remember, his show was about everyone else's show, so he knew what was going on. He also liked our show, which is why he always came in early. We used to have some good laughs. Remember, when he had his stroke, he called us (me) to fill in. He'd always run tapes, but we were part time, he liked us when we were on WAXY and he asked us to cover for him until he recovered. He was also instrumental in helping me get my contract, but that's another story.\par
\par
    So not only was he listening to the briefcase bit, but I talked to him about it BEFORE we did it! If it was his, I wasn't going to give it away without his consent. I'm a rebel, but I know the right people to rebel against, and Neil wasn't one of them. He said, yes, the briefcase was his and told both me AND Suds to have at it. He only went nuts when, surprise, surprise, the winner called to say Neil's contract was in there!\par
\par
    Neil was the master of spin. Rather than lay claim to the fact that it was in there and he FORGOT it was in there, he started screaming that I STOLE his briefcase! And of course the minions rallied. "Neil was right. Rick Riley was a thief!" And now he had fourteen more shows, a bunch of new sound bites and another song. He was a smart man. He played his audience like a fiddle and an urban legend was born.\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 7\par
    Adam Kirschner Great. I'm sh-iterature.\par
    6 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I always wondered what you weren't panicked!!! And NOW I know.... the REST of the story!\par
    6 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias As I was a huge fan of Neil and Rick & Suds, my favorite part of that song was always "Hank Goldberg sucks" anyway\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Andy Myers RICK RILEY STOLE MY BRIEFCASE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Austin Arnold Rick used to cry like a baby over that song! It's radio, I'd say.\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 5\par
    John Williams Holy Shit! It's the guitar man!!!\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Judy Wolgang Adam does it again. What a testament to that golden moment in time-here we are, some 20 years later, and we, the listeners, remember all these stories that we're now getting the inside scoop on. There was nothing like WIOD and never will be again. Of course Uncle Neil would tell us all to "get a life" but that station was our lives.\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    John Baker Adam Kirschner did IOD send you to the Sugar Bowl? If you are the right Adam do you remember the year? Trying to get a date for a tape.\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Yes!!! It was the year the canes got their asses kicked for the Natl championship and Gino Toretta got his head turned around backwards! Great! Another bed time story!!\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker Did you have to room with Sonny? Do you know the year??\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner 93. No.. I didn't room with Sonny.. wait til I tell that story!\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    John Baker Thanks now I know the year. Your stories a so good! Next tape in the deck is R&S June 27, 1995. Brian Yoham's description is "products made in Japan".\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I can't wait for that!\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I think the game was Jan 2 1993\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Halcyon Salazar I obviously drank way too much of Chuck Meyers black sledge coffee...because I barely remember this incident. The black sledge coffee was made with three bags of coffee instead of the one it called for.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Halcyon Salazar Great Wednesday afternoon story Adam Kirschner\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Mmmm. Chucks' coffee required a fork and knife\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Jon Elias I'm trying to imagine what it would take to consume that kind of coffee when I can't even drink a cup of the weak stuff without choking on it.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Halcyon Salazar Lots and lots of sugar. The coffee and sugar had us all bouncing off the walls all day....added to already over hyper young adults....it was like an all day frat party...\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias The sugar I can deal with... I used to sit around with people who were drinking coffee, and I would pass on the coffee but would happily eat the sugar cubes.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Well, here's the thing.. those pre packaged office coffee packs are the "shake" of the coffee world if you know what I'm sayin. Premium it ain't. Its weak and dirt brown and low rent stuff. So 2 bags would been OK. But when yer getting to work at 430 am, weak shitty coffee is about as useful as a wet noodle for hammering in nails\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias LOL! Reminds me of a shift I used to do. Got to the station at 5:30am, on-air 6-9am, and from 9am-2pm I was supposed to be managing the station. Never could drink coffee. Soda didn't really do the trick. So around 11:30 or so each day I threw a guy around the station a couple of bucks and handed him some notes that said things like "Back in 10 minutes" with instructions to place a note on my desk every now and then and move some stuff around. I went home and went back to bed. Working those hours if you can't drink coffee you have to have a scam.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley Ya know Adam Austin Arnold, the whole thing pretty much rubbed me the wrong way. I was told by my friend Neil, after I went out of my way to NOT step on his toes, to do it. And THEN because HE didn't want to be embarrassed about leaving his contract in it, he threw ME under the bus. To hear a song, over and over and over again about something I was being accused of that I didn't do, with the line, 'I'd like to fart in your face'... in all honesty, it wasn't 'just radio'. I thought the lyrics were weak and the premise was bogus, so yeah, it didn't set well with me at all. Now back to your regularly scheduled program.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston Rick Riley..and the addenda to you subbing for Meil was that asshole Alex Bennett telling you that if the had the ability to do so he'd take you outside and kick your goddamned teeth in. Adam K...any Bedtime stories about Mr. Paranoia Bennett?\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner That occurred B.A. ( before Adam)\par
    2 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley The Alex Bennett implosion was one of the most bizarre episodes in radio.... ever!\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner ^ agree\par
    2 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler If I remember correctly, there was a very brief time that Neil sang Rick's praises, because the whole briefcase incident brought the contract to the surface, and there was something in the contract which either shouldn't have been there, or something which wasn't being honored by management. I do remember Neil telling Rick something like "thank you for opening my eyes to this"...< shrug >\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley Someday, when I have a day, I'll put it into words. It ended with me being offered his job while he was still on the air.\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston Rick...the man was a textbook example of Paranoia.\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I missed out on the Alex Bennett stuff down there, but I know for a while he was back up here in NY doing a show on Sirius. I think he got canned a few months ago. He was also involved with the NY public access cable scene years and years ago with Al Goldstein and Robin Byrd of Debbie Does Dallas fame. Never really cared for him.\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston If I had teeth, dammit, I'd go outside and kick my own damn ass!\par
    2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler I loved the promo with Alex's intro music, thoroughly dressing him down\par
John Baker I am old, and confused. What year did this take place?\par
13 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Scooter Livingston If I had my ass, I'd go outside and make some tea, dammit!\par
12 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Dan Santoro Al Goldstein! Christ i even have a story about him causing a to-do at a Big daddy's in Pompano....looking forward to stories from you guys\par
12 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Sometime between august 92 and Aug 93... cuz its on the 93 best of\par
7 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
John Baker Thanks for the info, trying to keep records of historical/hysterical events.\par
3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose The Alex Bennett meltdown occured in the first half of 1991. It's in show notes on YouTube, John Baker.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
Rick Riley Right around April...\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Halcyon Salazar It was April 1990.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Halcyon Salazar {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/ }}{\fldrslt{http://articles.sun-sentinel.com/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 ...\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose Awesome Halcyon Salazar! I searched YouTube and the clip was from 1991. Neil was celebrating Alex's one year departure from IOD.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Rick Riley Knew it was April, thought it was 90, but not sure. Thanks Halcyon!\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rkc4rKK1B4Q }}{\fldrslt{http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rkc4rKK1B4Q\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose This never gets old...ever, ever. ever.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Patrick Barthel You Fairy!\par
2 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
John Baker Thanks for the date. Should have looked at my show notes first.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Rick Riley Someday, I'll print the REST of the story. In my 29 years in radio, it was one of the top two! Pretty amazing...\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
John Baker Can't wait.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner That single clip from that show may be one of the greatest moments in radio history. You couldnt have scripted that.\par
2 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Patrick Barthel We were definitely privileged back then to have such a talented line up, especially on freakin a.m. radio!\par
about an hour ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose I've listened to it a hundred times, and that particular show at least fifty. It never gets old Adam Kirschner. You come on here and you bash me...\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like\par
George Gonzalez Rick Riley you should write a book about SoFL and the radio business back then...priceless...and as listeners back then, its interesting to us to hear all the other sides of this...\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Halcyon Salazar It was my first couple months at the station...quite an exciting time. But pretty much my entire career there was like that...\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Suds Coleman Good thing we made the trade. I now live on that boat & spend my spare time solving crimes.\par
about an hour ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 6\par
Jon Elias Maybe you can help me solve this one, Suds. A little over 20 years ago someone was supposed to be working on my boat. Last I heard, they took off with it and traded it for HEY WAIT A MINUTE!!!\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Rick Riley And that's another thing Adam, re the boat, we never took in anything that wasn't functional. Except maybe Steve Nichols, but that wasn't our call.\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Adam Austin Arnold "If I had the breifcase, I'd take me outside and beat my brains in" Still a hot topic... I forgot the lyrics myself, but Ray remembered...LMAO X 10! Should of never gave up drinking....And Rick Riley, I wasn't part of the WHOLE deal, just a guy getting 50 bucks a bit. Grand total: $2500. And the phone bits were free....That's how important it was and still is to me.I've swept my side of the street .You should hear the shit I write about this guy! "Im gonna crush your skull, sweetie pie, with a baseball bat, watch you die" sung to "I've got a crush on you"...No one is safe...\par
Ray Trujillo Rick, my favorite part of the song was the drop at the end that Neil would play of you saying "Man, I need help"\par
25 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Rick Riley Adam Austin Arnold, I have no malice, just setting the record straight. It DID rub me the wrong way for a number of reasons. First, I would never take something from anyone, so it was an insult to my integrity. I just wouldn't have done it. But my integrity has been insulted before, so no big deal. The bummer was, Neil was always a big supporter of mine. It was a side of him I wasn't ready for, and didn't want to see. Knowing he KNEW what happened and twisted it to make ME look bad for his benefit, well, that was a drag. It sometimes happens in friendships, and it's a bummer when it does. Didn't I end up getting you a gig at a Christmas party in Parkland, at a home behind mine?\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 