{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner  July 23 at 1:16pm\b0\par
Tuesday Afternoon Examination: The Chronic known as "The Guy with the Eyes".\par
\par
Back when I was the "promotions flunkie", I was the kid who's job it was to load up the van with Neil autograph cards, sharpies, prizes, registration boxes, banners, tables, chairs, etc etc. So I've seen and met all of the major WIOD chronic crew. "The Guy with the Eyes" was one of them.\par
\par
Here's how I'd describe him to a police sketch artist:\par
\par
Massive head. Fred Gwynn-like. With a Fred Flintstonesque hairline, and a Joe Rose-ish roundness. Sitting on a wide but short neck. Always sporting a 5 O'clock shadow. Pale blue green eyes. Greasy messy black hair peppered with grey. Tall.. probably at least 6 feet tall. Paunchy but solid build. In high school probably played football, but now in his 40's (then) was paunchy and overweight. Wearing what appeared to be a Red Cross hand me down hand me down t-shirt from the 70's, 3 sizes too small. Tight shorts like a gym teacher would wear.\par
\par
He was so unliked, and he knew it. He wouldnt wait in line to meet Neil; he'd just skulk around and stand behind the line waiting for Neil to acknowledge him, even if caustically.\par
\par
"Can I have your autograph, Neil" a young lady would ask him after waiting in line for 40 minutes. "Sure... don't forget to get Boy Gary's autograph too..that's him over there" pointing at the Guy with the Eyes. TGWTE would half smile and yell something back as the entire crowd would turn and hatefully look towards him.\par
\par
Nobody ever spoke to him, other than the other oddball weirdo chronics who stood in the background with him.\par
\par
Only once or twice did he ever wait or approach Neil that I saw.. and both times I and someone else from the station would stand between he and Neil. He was so creepy-homeless-psycho looking that you couldnt take any chances.\par
\par
One thing he ALWAYS did do? Go for the free food at any remote.\par
\par
I dont know how or why the animosity started.. or even why he was really called 'The Guy with the Eyes".. Jorge would have to tell that story.\par
\par
Attached is what I remember him looking like... although the t-shirt is wayy too big.\par
\par
Still to Come: the "Fanny Pack Guy" and Al Rogers\par
Tuesday Afternoon Examination: The Chronic known as "The Guy with the Eyes". Back when I was the "promotions flunkie", I was the kid who's job it was to load up the van with Neil autograph cards, sharpies, prizes, registration boxes, banners, tables, chairs, etc etc. So I've seen and met all of the major WIOD chronic crew. "The Guy with the Eyes" was one of them. Here's how I'd describe him to a police sketch artist: Massive head. Fred Gwynn-like. With a Fred Flintstonesque hairline, and a Joe Rose-ish roundness. Sitting on a wide but short neck. Always sporting a 5 O'clock shadow. Pale blue green eyes. Greasy messy black hair peppered with grey. Tall.. probably at least 6 feet tall. Paunchy but solid build. In high school probably played football, but now in his 40's (then) was paunchy and overweight. Wearing what appeared to be a Red Cross hand me down hand me down t-shirt from the 70's, 3 sizes too small. Tight shorts like a gym teacher would wear. He was so unliked, and he knew it. He wouldnt wait in line to meet Neil; he'd just skulk around and stand behind the line waiting for Neil to acknowledge him, even if caustically. "Can I have your autograph, Neil" a young lady would ask him after waiting in line for 40 minutes. "Sure... don't forget to get Boy Gary's autograph too..that's him over there" pointing at the Guy with the Eyes. TGWTE would half smile and yell something back as the entire crowd would turn and hatefully look towards him. Nobody ever spoke to him, other than the other oddball weirdo chronics who stood in the background with him. Only once or twice did he ever wait or approach Neil that I saw.. and both times I and someone else from the station would stand between he and Neil. He was so creepy-homeless-psycho looking that you couldnt take any chances. One thing he ALWAYS did do? Go for the free food at any remote. I dont know how or why the animosity started.. or even why he was really called 'The Guy with the Eyes".. Jorge would have to tell that story. Attached is what I remember him looking like... although the t-shirt is wayy too big. Still to Come: the "Fanny Pack Guy" and Al Rogers\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 Tuesday at 1:16pm\par
\par
    You, Adam Austin Arnold, John Pearson, Fred Sowder and 11 others like this.\par
    Judy Wolgang "Thanks for calling!" Speaking of Al Rogers-did Randi have a restraining order against him?\par
    Tuesday at 1:49pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose I believe he was the guy who was "asked to leave" the premises at an early 1990s remote at Specs @ The Sawgrass Mills Mall.\par
    Tuesday at 2:31pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner TGWTE was asked to leave just about every remote we did. I dont know that she ACTUALLY had a legal restraining order against Al, but it's entirely possible.\par
    Tuesday at 2:50pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose So, what I recall from that day was a lot of Neilies hd shown up and my guess is somewhere in the neighborhood of 1,000 people were there. A guy keeps hovering near the stage and someone asked him to step back. By the fifth time, whomever it was lost patience with this guy and told him if he came within 10 feet of the signing area he'd be kicked out. Literally 2 minutes later he's right back hovering near the stage.\par
    Tuesday at 2:53pm \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston For years I wondered what the deal was with TGWTE. I'm not sure if I'd seen him before at the remotes I went to. For some reason. I'd pictured him as a big balding guy who was very far-sighted, hence his eyes were magnified and thus he had TGWTE monicker.\par
    Tuesday at 3:07pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner No clue. I never saw him wear glasses.. maybe he had mean, angry eyes? But he seriously did look like an overweight Oliver Reid i, a 3x too small t shirt.\par
    Tuesday at 3:22pm \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose I like the comparison to Oliver Reed. Did you know....HE DIED?\par
    Tuesday at 3:23pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Oliver Reed or TGWTE? Yeah I new about Reed.. died during filming of GLADIATOR (Gladiator? you bet he did.) Is TGWTE dead too?\par
    Tuesday at 3:25pm \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Nah, I meant Reed. Happy to say that other than the spectacle at the remote I mentioned earlier, I don't think I ever encountered TGWTE.\par
    Tuesday at 3:27pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner scary, scary man TGWTE was... and he wouldnt know Oliver Reed from Rex Reed\par
    Tuesday at 3:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo The Amazing Gilbert.\par
    Tuesday at 3:36pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner oh, well, I have reams of stories about Gilbert... the 3 major chronics are a short essay each.\par
    Tuesday at 3:38pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo His older, rich, brother lived across the street from my parents in Kendall. Many years ago.\par
    Tuesday at 3:40pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Anxiously awaiting the Al Rogers stories.\par
    Tuesday at 3:43pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner God is he still trolling around this group? I had to block him..\par
    Tuesday at 3:44pm \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose He's here sporadically, but not at chronic status any longer.\par
    Tuesday at 3:48pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Oh, he'll ALWAYS be a chronic, just not on this group. I'll save him for last... next up is the "Fanny Pack" guy\par
    Tuesday at 4:17pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scooter Livingston Adam..I;ve already told you *my* Gilbert stories (all 2 of them)\par
    Tuesday at 5:17pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker This guy was scary, I really mean it. At a Brick Oven appearance like Adam said he just hung around the back of the crowd. But he had a new "buddy" Gilbert. Those eyes...\par
    Tuesday at 9:01pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scooter Livingston TGWTE and Gilbert...the Tag Team From HELL...\par
    Tuesday at 9:19pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Glenn Pieck TGWTE Gilbert and EDDYYYYY six man tag team from hell!!\par
    Tuesday at 9:46pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Patrick Barthel I was gonna inquire about the guy with the eyes and who he was in reference with the show, I figured he was a nuisance.. I only started listening to Neil in the mid 90's, so now theres light shed on the mystery. The Oliver Reed comment made me laugh, thought the same thing when I seen the pic!\par
    Wednesday at 1:03pm \'b7 Like\par
    David DeArmas is his name juan cabeza?\par
    Wednesday at 2:20pm \'b7 Like\par
    Mac Kobza Ha ha. Awesome!\par
    Wednesday at 11:13pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Daniel Ortega Oh man. I used to think these were people you all made up but of course life is a good teacher. Cant wait to hear about fanny pack guy.\par
    21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Fanny pack was posted yesterday. Al Rogers was today. Gilbert tomorrow\par
    21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker Oh boy\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 