{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner \b0 Oct 18, 2013  11:05 am\b\par
\b0 You asked for it.. So dont be mad that it's long...\par
\par
Friday Midday bedtime story: The \ldblquote Best\rdblquote  of Randi Rhodes was the Worst of Randi Rhodes.\par
\par
Its not going to be a short story\'85 and it\rquote s not going to be pretty either.\par
\par
Reader beware.\par
\par
There may be some who disagree with how I remember this era, most noticeably Jim and Randi.. but trust me. This is all absolutely 100% true from my perspective.\par
\par
I\rquote d gotten the Randi producer gig after they\rquote d courted me behind the scenes for months, finally gotten their original producer kicked off the show, tried unsuccessfully to get Jim the job, and the Program Director convinced me to take it even though I\rquote d declined the first offer.\par
\par
From day one, I made some good decisions and changes to the show. I\rquote d replaced the random rock song open of the hour with a specific piece of music that set a tone, and used it as the out music at the top of the hour to give Randi the opportunity to \ldblquote play it out\rdblquote , hitting the post, and ramping out to the break. I\rquote d done a parody song (\ldblquote Randi My Queen\rdblquote  to Mississippi Queen by Mountain\rdblquote ). Replaced all her music beds with more current, or classic 80\rquote s rock. And Randi loved it. She affectionately, regularly, proudly professed on air and off that I was, in that jewy NY accent that the used to have before she started posing as a political elitist as \ldblquote Huh ProDOOOS-huh\rdblquote\par
\par
And I\rquote d be ratcheting up the cranks for Randy to shoot down like clay pigeons. I\rquote d hang up on the chronics when they became to chronicky.\par
\par
Jim didn\rquote t have a job. Well, not one that he got paid for, anyway. Jim was Randi\rquote s \ldblquote Do-Boy\rdblquote . He would run to the store. He would be the one to calm her when she was having a freak out over some issue and was pulling out her eye lashes (yes, she really would do that when nervous or fussy). He was the one to do any of the monotonous, daily tasks most have to do so that Queen Cersi, err\'85 Randi could continue to relax and get ready for her show. I really don\rquote t know what they did all day, every day. And I really didn\rquote t want to. My role was producing the radio show. Editing. Production. Prepping stuff she might think was interesting. Dealing with pulling copy for live spots, Carting up promos, etc.\par
\par
Every time Randi did anything, Jim filmed it. Soon, Jim had hooked up with a guy he met who I think was a listener named Jean-Paul who was a videographer for a local TV station, and got him to start filming things on his own time. Foreigner came in and played live in studio (on an AM station??), Kipp Winger came in and performed live, Jean-Paul and Jim filmed it.\par
\par
When it came time to do our Camillas House/Center One promotion (usually it started getting talked about late July\'85 it took weeks of producing and editing those audio tapes to be sent off to the production house in order to get them back in time for the Autumn sell) Randi and Jim said they wanted to do a best of video.\par
\par
\ldblquote Of what?\rdblquote  asked Mgmt. "Randi sitting in a studio?"\par
\par
But Jim and Randi convinced Mgmt that they had a plan, to leave it to them, they had it all taken care of. They probably assumed it would fall through the cracks and they wouldnt have to do anything Randi for the charity.\par
\par
I declined to be involved.\par
\par
\ldblquote I\rquote m a radio producer. You want audio edited? I\rquote m your guy. You want parody songs? You want audio pulled from the show? Count me in. But this? No thanks.\rdblquote\par
\par
And they were relentless. Trying to guilt me into it. Taking shots at me on and off the air about my being her part-time producer. \ldblquote Marvin is helping Rick and Suds. Jorge is doing Neil\rquote s\rdblquote  theyd say.\par
\par
\ldblquote They\rquote re editing bits together and show audio. It takes them a week or so to do. This aint that.\rdblquote  I'd say.\par
\par
And now theyre scheduling and event at a nightclub so Randi can sing \ldblquote Backstabbers\rdblquote  with a band so they can film it. She\rquote s playing the song on the air and singing along with it. I assume it\rquote s me she\rquote s singing about, tho she says it\rquote s this guy, or that guy, or this chick or that. After a week of prep and rehearsals, she did it live. I didn\rquote t attend.\par
\par
Finally, I just couldn\rquote t take the harassment any longer. I agreed to help as much as I could. That made them really happy, and I was happy I\rquote d made them happy.\par
\par
So that night, while Randi is on the air, I start asking Jim questions.\par
\par
\ldblquote So where we editing?\rdblquote  \endash  \ldblquote I dunno yet\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Do we have a script/story line/storyboard?\rdblquote  \endash  \ldblquote Kinda, in my head\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote What\rquote s the premise?\rdblquote  \endash  \ldblquote The Best of Randi\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No, I get that, but are we just throwing a bunch of these random videos together or is there some theme?\rdblquote  \endash  \ldblquote We\rquote ll worry about that later\rdblquote\par
\par
\ldblquote Uhhh\'85 Jim.. the thing is DUE for printing in 4 weeks.\rdblquote\par
\par
First things first we get hooked up with SportsTalk610 Producer Scotty Mac, who\rquote s father is in charge of WLRN TV. He gets us in the door to use the edit bay, and gives us a guy to show us how to use it. Neither of us had done any video editing.\par
\par
And every day, for the next 3 weeks and 6 days, 7 days a week it went like this:\par
\par
6:am \endash  Wake\par
6:30am \endash  Go to WLRN\par
7a-5p \endash  Edit at WLRN\par
5p-11 \endash  Prep and Randi\rquote s show\par
12a Get home, shower, eat, watch TV\par
2a sleep.\par
\par
On weekends, we\rquote d just work the 7a-5p shift.\par
\par
And to keep me going, I\rquote d discovered and purchased the equipment to make and consume large quantities of Cuban Coffee at home. There\rquote s a reason they serve it in those tiny cups. Unaware, I was making a pot and putting it into a travel mug, and a thermos to take with me all day. That and my trusted Marlboro Lights. I was the absolute poster boy for bad health. 6\rquote 1, 165lbs, chugging Cuban coffee and smoking a pack of smokes each day. But we were actually getting really creative.\par
\par
Fist we scripted out the idea that we\rquote d do it like a mini documentary.. where we interview people associated with the radio station, and talk about their memories of Randi, when they met her, what she was like to work with, etc. Then, feature them each doing their jobs on air or off\'85 so that in addition to just Randi, people would wanna see it to watch Neil or Rick&Suds in action etc. So we scheduled a day to go into the studio and do segments with everyone (Chuck Meyers, R&S, NEIL, etc). We even went across the property to get Rick Sanchez who turned out to be super cool and a total ham and a goofball just like us, and a failed attempt at talking to Sally Fitz who I\rquote d mentioned in an earlier bed time story was all for it and loved the idea of the video until we mentioned Neil Rogers and she went to pieces in tears over the horrible rumor about a vibrator that Neil kept pushing and how it was absolutely untrue and how she had to move because her neighbors were all whispering and pointing, but I digress.\par
\par
Then we outlined the order we\rquote d put stuff in. Start with this, use footage from this, and laid out a full timeline by combing through hours and hours of footage, frame by frame, and marking them all down in order.\par
TAPE 3 \endash  Foreigner - :09:07:13 - :22:15:04\par
TAPE22 \endash  NEIL - :04:44:07 - :14:18:01\par
TAPE31 \endash  BACKSTABBER :01:01:09 - :07:04:11\par
On and on and on..\par
\par
Then came the editing. Frame by frame. Second by second. Onto a master tape. Mixing and mastering down the audio. Adding music under segments.\par
\par
Leaving space to add segments between everything where Randi hosted as the narrator.\par
\par
It was a grueling, exhausting, effort.\par
\par
One night, as we were wrapping everything up for the video, and things looked like we were coming to a close of this nightmare or craziness, and we could see the light at the end of the tunnel, it all caught up with me.\par
\par
Sitting in the control room during the show that Friday night, smoking my 35th Marlborolight of the day while polishing off the thermos of the Cuban coffee (with a ton of sugar, mind you), I started getting heart palpitations. Which made me panic. Which made me palpitate more. Which sent me into a full cant-breathe, chest-pain, feeling dizzy panic attack. And I asked Jim to drive me to the hospital. He smoked in the car on the way there.\par
\par
I spent the night in the hospital where they told me to layoff the Cuban coffee for a while, and to eat a \ldblquote B.R.A.T.\rdblquote  diet because they were pretty sure I had an ulcer too.\par
\par
2 days later, I was back to editing with Jim.\par
\par
Through all of it, I\rquote d actually started bonding a little with the guy. I understood him more than I\rquote d had, and we\rquote d worked really hard on this project for Randi. And we\rquote d both learned a ton about each other, from spending time for endless hours in a 4x4 room can like only 2 guys working really hard on a project can.. or, prison.\par
\par
And Randi seemed pretty happy with the results. So I was back in good graces, and we finished up the project on time, turned it in, and for what we\rquote d started with 4 weeks earlier (which was nothing) to what we\rquote d produced for distribution was a monumental task considering we started with not even a slight understanding of how to produce a video.\par
\par
And, in the ultimate irony, when it was nearly all finished and ready to print, after more than a month of endless 18 hour days, 4 hour naps, and a trip the the Miami Heart Institute, Jim and Randi decided it would be an absolutely HI-LARI-OUS joke for the audience if when the credits rolled, it read like this:\par
\par
Produced by: Jim\par
Directed by: Jim\par
Edited by: Jim\par
Music by: Jim\par
Written by: Jim\par
Scripted by: Jim\par
Best Boy: Jim\par
Gaffer: Jim\par
\par
Backstabber, indeed.\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, Bruce Clifford and 10 others like this.\par
    Suds Coleman I'm guessing that the opening sentence is one you've never used before.\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 11\par
    Michael Hutchins That Beep ing bitch!\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner No, Suds.. I'm all about girth.\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner For nostalgia... {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/GL68VE-Qi7Y }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/GL68VE-Qi7Y\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Yes - Does It Really Happen?\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Third song from the album Drama by Yes.\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner and the "out" music... {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/GL68VE-Qi7Y?t=5m15s }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/GL68VE-Qi7Y?t=5m15s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Yes - Does It Really Happen?\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Third song from the album Drama by Yes.\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Holy Shit! First of all this is an incredible read; I think it's your best so far, and they're all great. I know this was years ago, but it's good that as a group we now know how much work you put into this, especially since you were snubbed like that on the finished product. I barely knew Randi at all when I was at WJNO, but I got to know Jim a little bit. He was a hell of a nice guy, but I'll choose my words carefully here and just say he was on a very short leash. Something tells me that what happened to you in the credits was pretty much one person's idea while another person kind of was along for the ride. Obviously, I'm just speculating there. As for the thermos of Cuban coffee and the night in the hospital, all I can say again is Holy Shit!\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose "Love your show , Neil...love you, love you...." which would be Jim's legacy. Great story, as usual, Adam Kirschner, proving you have a lot more left in the tank!\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Any further mention of girth will hopefully be about the thermos and nothing else.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose Agreeing with Jon Elias that this was your best offering this far.\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Bruce Clifford it was a crazy life back then\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Alan McCoach It looks like Randi is about to deep throat that mic.\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    James Kessel Oh Randi my queen\par
    4 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI.. I still have copies of the video.. and if for no other purpose it would be great to digitize them for the Neil, Chuck Meyer, R&S, Foreigner Segments for all to see, as well as my own personal benefit for my segment and the Randi My Queen parody bit that's on there.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Plus, them make excellent door stops\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Adam did you do that artwork? I don't remember seeing it anywhere before.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner The caricature of me is cuts and pastes from a few different images.. which I pasted onto a cut and pasted image i found on google. It's actually a square image, but the lady host is in the middle of the frame, and I extended it by moving her to the ri...See More\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I do not do original art. i cant draw. But I'm dam good at photoshopping shit.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Hey, that's pretty freaking great\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner actually, the flannel shirt around my waist is from an actual photo...that I cropped the dude out of, and used a photoshop filter that turns pictures into watercolors. A few adjustments with brightness and darkness and pixelating and it looks like it's part of the image.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias When I first saw the image I thought, holy crap, did he actually stay up all night and draw this to go with the story? But yeah, your photoshopping skills are excellent.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner lol\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Judy Wolgang Holy crap, Adam! You did it again. Another Pulitzer-worthy story. This should bring back some mammaries: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EfBYIcSSJ4 }}{\fldrslt{http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1EfBYIcSSJ4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    The Neil Rogers Show - 610 WIOD circa 1993\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Featuring Jorge Rodriguez and Randi Rhodes. Taken from "Randi Rhodes Goddess of ...See More\par
    3 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Michael Hutchins Jorge Rodriguez with a big one in his puss.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson Was this bedtime story written by Jim?\par
    about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner In the words of Andy Myers, "Uh NO!"\par
    about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jay Adler Outstanding job, sir\par
    20 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Annamaria Hunter Magnifico! You are an awesome writer & teller of true stories from the past! Trichotillamania-pronounced-trick-oh-till-ah-mania is the name of the nervous disorder that causes one to pull out ones own eyelashes ! Had a friend...that's how I know.\par
    Also so very glad that whole video NIGHTMARE passed by me! I think perhaps my recollection of the timeline of events was that I was already persona non-grate in Ms. Rhodes eyes. It would have been nice though if it wasn't all canned and actually depicted..... (add echo and voice fx) "What REALLY happened!\par
    Working on the telling of events that led me to produce "Dream on Randi. Coming soon.\par
    And finally , thank you Adam! WOW ! Surviving that....all good!\par
    9 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Hey Annamaria Hunter.. how lifelike is that caricature of me? LOL\par
    7 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Annamaria Hunter Not so much. The expression is accurate!\par
    6 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner : O No? That's how I imagine I looked.. all grunged out\par
    5 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Not only do we get a great story but now I also know what... wait a second... Trichotillamania is, and yes I had to scroll back up to figure out how to spell it\par
\par
    I said the other day that this group was educational and informative, and I wasn't joking.\par
    2 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Annamaria Hunter Yes, might have been worse! Object in mirror May not be reflective of actual size or intensity of frustration!\par
Adam Kirschner lmao\par
24 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Dave LaMont The only thing I learned was...don't smoke\par
15 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner baaahahahhaha I never said it was going to be an educational essay.. but I'm glad I was able to convince you not to start smoking, Dave LaMont\par
John Baker OMNG, Adam Kirschner that was so good, glad you survived. Love your new word "chronicky". Guess Neil was pushing a rumor and not the vibrator.\par
13 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Judy Wolgang Okay Annamaria-don't tease us-bring on the "Dream On" story. Does the song exist anywhere on the interwebs? I've looked in the past, because I apparently have no life . And the eyelash thing-it's a form of OCD, which I guess wouldn't surprise any of you that knew Randi.\par
2 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner Randi HATED when Neil played it!! I LOLed every time he did\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 