{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner July 17 at 9:24am\par
\b0 Did you know? There were "cart wars" at the old WIOD. The rules of engagement were that you could NOT use Neil's carts, but Neil could use anyones and if he liked them, take them as his own and you were SOL. Not because of some official rule; it's just the way it worked. Neil was the godfather.. and if he wanted to wet his beak with some of your show's sound effects, it was the price you paid for staying in his good favor. Some examples: The Drew Michaels "Uh-NO!" and the "OKAY!" were both carted up for Randi after Drew had filled in for her.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 Yesterday at 9:24am\par
\par
    Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, Bruce Clifford and 13 others like this.\par
    Fred Sowder How about "Ohmygod!" from Chris Baker?\par
    Yesterday at 9:29am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Excellent, Fred. Another prime example. Also, Heston saying "You sunnova bitch". That was from an interview Chris did with him.\par
    Yesterday at 9:30am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Yes, this is true.\par
    Yesterday at 9:34am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner It wasnt really a "war" per se.. it was just how it was, and everyone understood and dealt with it.\par
    Yesterday at 9:35am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Mark Cantrell Or dealt with Neil...lol\par
    Yesterday at 9:36am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Jorge, any others you can think of? Not ones you gathered.. ones someone else made that Neil took ownership of?\par
    Yesterday at 9:36am \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder I thought Chuck Meyer was the one who interviewed Chuck Heston, but I think you're right. Chuck interviewed Buddy Epsen, though.\par
    Yesterday at 9:36am \'b7 Like\par
    Jorge Rodriguez One of the many 'Neil double standards' like eating and smoking in the studio.\par
    Yesterday at 9:36am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Chris Baker's 'Oh My God' girl. Neil stole that\par
    Yesterday at 9:37am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner That's true too.. Smoking and eating got banned in the studios in like 1994 and Neil did whatever he wanted until the day he left\par
    Yesterday at 9:38am \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Many Rick & Suds carts\par
    Yesterday at 9:37am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Mark Cantrell "Man. I need help!"\par
    Yesterday at 9:38am \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder BTW, as I mentioned at our little meeting here the other night, I was in the control room when "ohmigod" was made. Chris was on the air and Jason Stem was behind the board. Jason was talking to his girlfriend off the air and Chris suddenly put her ON the air. That was her first response.\par
    Yesterday at 9:38am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner Neil was our shield... if Neil was smoking a huge cigar and eating a huge lunch, we huddled in the room under the umbrella of smoke and om-nomming and eat and smoke too..\par
    Yesterday at 9:39am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jorge Rodriguez When Neil was in the studio is was "Anarchy Island"\par
    Yesterday at 9:39am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner No Mark,... pretty sure Rick saying >Man..I need help" was carted up by Jorge. Most people didnt cart up themselves..\par
    Yesterday at 9:40am \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder Except for "Oh, we're fine."\par
    Yesterday at 9:40am \'b7 Like\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Where the hell is Roger Magolan in this conversation?\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I think that was actually Dan Stewart doing a Chuck Meyer impression\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like\par
    Jorge Rodriguez "Hiya handsome!"\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner I dont think he's done much conversing in here, handsome\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner LMAO\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner ahahhahaha\par
    Yesterday at 9:41am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Hey, not everyone can show up to work in jogging shorts and a panama hat and make it look cool... and that's true of Roger... he didnt make it look cool either\par
    Yesterday at 9:43am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Yes, i carted up almost all of the carts that were excerpts of the hosts themselves from their own shows. I would listen, write down times and cart up what i thought were gems. Neil used less than half of what i gave him.\par
    Yesterday at 9:43am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Same for when I would do overnights.. I'd cart up stuff from Don and Mike, Larry King, etc. And you'd leave a stack of 5 or so carts in his mailbox, and listen all show the next day (even though youd worked from 11p-6a that morning) and just WAIT to hear one of your carts played.. and when he did.. it was like scoring the overtime goal in the 7th game of a championship. You did your best mandich YEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS! impression. It validated you. It made you want to find another for him. It made you want to listen to Larry King!\par
    Yesterday at 9:46am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Fred Sowder I carted up more than a few Mandich-isms when I board-opped Dolphins games. I'd mark times on that DAT, too, and then cart them up afterwards and put them in Neil's cubby hole in the jock lounge. My most famous was probably the "unich in a whorehouse" one.\par
    Yesterday at 9:46am \'b7 Like \'b7 8\par
    Adam Kirschner that is a Classic, Fred Sowder\par
    Yesterday at 9:46am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jorge Rodriguez Yes, Thanks Fred\par
    Yesterday at 9:47am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Hmm... i was Baker's producer full time once Randi left... so I think "Smelly Bitch" may have come from a weekend show? I dont think I remember doing that one\par
    Yesterday at 9:49am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Fred Sowder Yeah, that was an early one. "Ohmigod" was definitely during a weekend show.\par
    Yesterday at 9:54am \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Scott Ferguson From a casual listener: what was the source of the "rectum!" drop Neil was so fond of near the end of the show?\par
    Yesterday at 9:58am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I think it was a cart Mitch Lewis made that said "Rectum? Damn near Killed him!" and he just played the "RECTUM" part\par
    Yesterday at 9:59am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Fred Sowder Adam beat me to it.\par
    Yesterday at 9:59am \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Cantrell Spread 'em and say cheese! Jennifer Ream job.\par
    Yesterday at 10:00am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Scott Ferguson Thanks. So typically WTF-brilliant of Neil.\par
    Yesterday at 10:02am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner yeah it got to the point, either because they wanted to make the Neil Cart hilight reel, or because they were told to by Program Directors, that the news folks started doing crazy, cartready headlines. Tom Hopkins and Jennifer Rehm were the most notable/notorious.. "Florida's Pot's not good it's GREAT". But the Jennifer Rehm "They play with each other, naked in the street" was part of a report from haiti, it think.\par
    Yesterday at 10:07am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Cantrell "Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob!" Imagine Julie Durda saying that on Channel 10...\par
    Yesterday at 10:09am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Yeah Mark Cantrell.. like that one. Exactly. YANK IT , BABY!\par
    Yesterday at 10:12am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Cantrell Kind of apropos for our times..."Floridians: Dumb as dirt!"\par
    Yesterday at 10:14am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Fred Sowder On a similar note, I wish someone still had a recording of the bridgetender spoof I recorded at WIOD about 1996 or so. I did both the host and caller portions (yeah, I pulled a Phil Hendrie) and actually recorded and edited it at one of the bays in the newsroom since it was easiest to record phone calls there. It may be on an old DAT I still have from that era, though. Once I find those, John Baker's going to dump them to mp3 for me. There may be some goodies on those.\par
    Yesterday at 10:24am \'b7 Like\par
    Lee Horgan Haven't lived in south Florida in 19 years does wiod still exist.\par
    Yesterday at 10:28am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Steve Patterson Also.. "crap" was Jeb Bush during an interview with Chris Baker.\par
    Yesterday at 10:32am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Yeah, Fred.. I lost a few parody bits I'd done that I wish someone had still..i guess I thought I'd had them somewhere but I dont... and now theyre just memories of songs I still sing in the shower. "Paxonated" (Ramones parody about Buddy Bud), "Off with a little help from Cochrain" (Joe Cocker parody with Anna Maria singing backup), "Ron and Ron Should Just Retire" (Doors Parody about Chuck Meyer), "Takin Care of Business" (BTO Parody about Classic Rock stations playing only 10 songs over and over)..\par
    Yesterday at 10:44am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jay Adler Where's my meat??!?!\par
    Yesterday at 10:51am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Fred Sowder I definitely remember the Cochran one, Adam. Shame that's been lost. Someone's gotta have that from the O.J. era shows, though. Neil played that more than a few times as I recall.\par
    Yesterday at 10:53am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I've mourned the loss of those for a decade now.. I doubt anyone has any of those.\par
    Yesterday at 12:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner if anyone ever finds one of those, i'd be eternally grateful... I'd bless you with unlimited old WIOD stories\par
    Yesterday at 4:07pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Bill Starkey "Get away from my automobile you big MF!"\par
    18 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Ray Trujillo You son of a bitch.\par
    52 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson Did Stugotz steal the "Roy" drop and bring it to 790 or did Jorge or someone give it to him?\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 