{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner July 28 at 9:45pm\par
\b0 Sunday Night Bedtime Story: Miami's Own, Scotty Mac\par
\par
Scott Macollough aka Scotty Mac was the sports producer for WIOD. He was responsible for carting up audio clips, occasionally booking guests, answering phones and running the board during SportTalk610, weeknight 6-8pm before Goldberg At Night, then Randi Rhodes, then Chris Baker, then Passion Phones. So he was in the building most days 3p - 9p. Which meant Neil rarely saw him, but everyone else did, sandwiched between Rick and Suds and whatever show was on at night.\par
\par
For most of his tenure SportsTalk610 had a roundtable of hosts.. Defo, MadDog, Bokamper, Zagack-ack-acki. Even Sonny Hirsh when Hurricane Hotline would take over the show on Thursday nights during the UM season.\par
\par
Scotty, or Mac, or Smack or whatever anyone called him, was the biggest happy-go-lucky elf you ever saw. Ears like radar dishes on a pin sized head tacked atop his 5'8 135lb frame, was THE biggest sports nerd I've ever met. He wasn't just a kid who watched a lot of sports; he was the kind that would read the MLB rule book each year. He was pretty straight laced; his father was the head-honcho over at public TV's WLRN, so he didn't really fit in the the rest of the slacker clowns like me, Jorge, Marvin, or Manny or Alex Rodriguez or David Waggener, or "Fajita" Ray Trujillo, or "The Piercer" Steven Spierer or anyone else in the producer roll. But he was such a good natured odd-ball that we'd include him whenever we thought his weirdness was a plus to whatever we were doing.. which was often.\par
\par
Let me back up a second and remind folks that in those days, in radio in general, it wasn't as corporate as it is now. The sales suits and programming suits RAN the place, but the 20-somethings like me had the RUN OF the place. It didnt matter that I was running the board from 11pm to 6am and was only being paid for that... I was AT THE BUILDING at 1pm to help out or take part in whatever was going on. Neil needs someone to go run and get Florias? I'm on it. Marvin needs someone to run the board when he goes on payphone challenge? Ok. Mitch Lewis needs someone to make the sound effect of someone vomiting into a garbage can? I volunteer. That's how things like the "Johnny Dark's an Asshole" cart came about... 3 or 4 of us were hanging out in a production room around 10pm, screwing around with the voice changer, and I sang that out. People laughed, we carted it up, and left it for Neil. That's just how it worked. But I digress...\par
\par
Scotty was a s-t-r-a-n-g-e bird, I tellya. He had these incredibly thin hands with long fingers, and punctuated his sentences and gave words emphasis with them the way Brad Pitt does playing a nutjob in the movie "12 Monkeys" with a huge smile on his face. he had a really high pitched and raspy voice to go along with those hands, and those ears, and that frame and that personality. I've never met a more caricaturistic live person ever.\par
\par
So you'd say "I'm going on a date tonight", and Scotty would point at you, and in that raspy high pitched voice with a Cheshire cat grin say "ahh haa HAAH!". And so, one night, we got Scotty to record that drop.\par
\par
When something super cool would happen he was fond of exclaiming "TREMENDOUS!". Cart it up!\par
\par
One night, we're eating chinese food, and Scotty sees us, and goes to do his normal "ahh haa HAAH!" and gives it Chinese language flavoring, and out bursts "HEE HAWW HEEE"...\par
\par
STOP. EVERYTHING. GET IN THE PRODUCTION ROOM NOW. And we had him record like 5 different versions of that. Rick and Suds start playing the clips, and before you know it, the audience is calling in to do their own versions of it. Burping. On helium. As the Pope. Farting. Drowning.\par
\par
I'm not exactly sure where "I did that one time, when I was about 15 years old" but I can be absolutely sure that it happened much the same way.\par
\par
And everyone got their own Scotty Mac style nickname: I was "Lanky Kirschbaum".\par
\par
One Christmas, Scotty sent out invitations to us because his family was having a holiday party at their house, and he invited us to it. Some of us brought dates, others just came intending to drink their asses off. After searching for his house in this super nice neighborhood, i finally found it; Scotty is standing at the end of the driveway looking like one of those lantern jockey thingies with a lantern in his hand. Only he's wearing a black jacket.. with a white turtleneck under it. It's like 85 degrees out, and he's dressed like a Crispin Glover character, and i roll down the window and in his best preppy palm-beach, clenched teeth Biff impressions says "Wel-come to myyyyy PARRRRtyyyy". I park, go in, and even though he'd invited us at like 9pm, apparently we were invited as the after party his family had thrown for their own friends. All the trays of food had crumbs on them. We didnt care; the family was SUPER nice, and the house was totally f-ing "Mack"ed out.. ridiculous house. And we ate leftovers and drank before splitting.\par
\par
After seeing his house, and hearing about how they summered in Vero Beach, we pressed Smack for a year to get a weekend for us all up there. Eventually he capitulated and one weekend, before his family was to stake their summer claim there, he invited us up there and me and my girlfriend, and Marvin and his girlfriend, and Jorge and like 6 other people all drive up there. It was like that scene in Caddyshack when they let all the Caddy's use the pool.. all these young drunken, stoned riff-raff clamoring up to "MAC's Landing". That wasn't my name for it. It actually said that in a carved driftwood sign at the entrance. It was ON. THE. BEACH. And the place is, again, ridiculously nice.\par
\par
And people are smoking, and drinking and generally going berserk. Marvin is partying his ass off with his girlfriend listening to the Spin Doctors at like 11 in a bedroom, I'm being a clown and trying to make a bong out of anything I can find, and Jorge Rodriguez is hurling goldschlager off the balcony. It was awesome. I dont think anyone could remember what Scotty did. he wasn't much of a partier, so my only memory is of him is being a good host, nursing a can of beer all night and going from guest to guest to schmooze.\par
\par
I saw Scotty like 2 years ago. In a parking lot. Driving an old car, stuffed with crap and folders and newspapers and magazines and stuff. He said he was coaching a kid's little league or was an assistant coach at a high school or something. He was still doing some freelance stuff for Defo too. I told him it was great to see him after all this time, and I wished him well. And as he left, he rolled down his window as he went by and yelled "HEE HAWW HEEE!" as he drove away.\par
Sunday Night Bedtime Story: Miami's Own, Scotty Mac Scott Macollough aka Scotty Mac was the sports producer for WIOD. He was responsible for carting up audio clips, occasionally booking guests, answering phones and running the board during SportTalk610, weeknight 6-8pm before Goldberg At Night, then Randi Rhodes, then Chris Baker, then Passion Phones. So he was in the building most days 3p - 9p. Which meant Neil rarely saw him, but everyone else did, sandwiched between Rick and Suds and whatever show was on at night. For most of his tenure SportsTalk610 had a roundtable of hosts.. Defo, MadDog, Bokamper, Zagack-ack-acki. Even Sonny Hirsh when Hurricane Hotline would take over the show on Thursday nights during the UM season. Scotty, or Mac, or Smack or whatever anyone called him, was the biggest happy-go-lucky elf you ever saw. Ears like radar dishes on a pin sized head tacked atop his 5'8 135lb frame, was THE biggest sports nerd I've ever met. He wasn't just a kid who watched a lot of sports; he was the kind that would read the MLB rule book each year. He was pretty straight laced; his father was the head-honcho over at public TV's WLRN, so he didn't really fit in the the rest of the slacker clowns like me, Jorge, Marvin, or Manny or Alex Rodriguez or David Waggener, or "Fajita" @[1054126023:2048:Ray Trujillo], or "The Piercer" @[1328496144:2048:Steven Spierer] or anyone else in the producer roll. But he was such a good natured odd-ball that we'd include him whenever we thought his weirdness was a plus to whatever we were doing.. which was often. Let me back up a second and remind folks that in those days, in radio in general, it wasn't as corporate as it is now. The sales suits and programming suits RAN the place, but the 20-somethings like me had the RUN OF the place. It didnt matter that I was running the board from 11pm to 6am and was only being paid for that... I was AT THE BUILDING at 1pm to help out or take part in whatever was going on. Neil needs someone to go run and get Florias? I'm on it. Marvin needs someone to run the board when he goes on payphone challenge? Ok. Mitch Lewis needs someone to make the sound effect of someone vomiting into a garbage can? I volunteer. That's how things like the "Johnny Dark's an Asshole" cart came about... 3 or 4 of us were hanging out in a production room around 10pm, screwing around with the voice changer, and I sang that out. People laughed, we carted it up, and left it for Neil. That's just how it worked. But I digress... Scotty was a s-t-r-a-n-g-e bird, I tellya. He had these incredibly thin hands with long fingers, and punctuated his sentences and gave words emphasis with them the way Brad Pitt does playing a nutjob in the movie "12 Monkeys" with a huge smile on his face. he had a really high pitched and raspy voice to go along with those hands, and those ears, and that frame and that personality. I've never met a more caricaturistic live person ever. So you'd say "I'm going on a date tonight", and Scotty would point at you, and in that raspy high pitched voice with a Cheshire cat grin say "ahh haa HAAH!". And so, one night, we got Scotty to record that drop. When something super cool would happen he was fond of exclaiming "TREMENDOUS!". Cart it up! One night, we're eating chinese food, and Scotty sees us, and goes to do his normal "ahh haa HAAH!" and gives it Chinese language flavoring, and out bursts "HEE HAWW HEEE"... STOP. EVERYTHING. GET IN THE PRODUCTION ROOM NOW. And we had him record like 5 different versions of that. Rick and Suds start playing the clips, and before you know it, the audience is calling in to do their own versions of it. Burping. On helium. As the Pope. Farting. Drowning. I'm not exactly sure where "I did that one time, when I was about 15 years old" but I can be absolutely sure that it happened much the same way. And everyone got their own Scotty Mac style nickname: I was "Lanky Kirschbaum". One Christmas, Scotty sent out invitations to us because his family was having a holiday party at their house, and he invited us to it. Some of us brought dates, others just came intending to drink their asses off. After searching for his house in this super nice neighborhood, i finally found it; Scotty is standing at the end of the driveway looking like one of those lantern jockey thingies with a lantern in his hand. Only he's wearing a black jacket.. with a white turtleneck under it. It's like 85 degrees out, and he's dressed like a Crispin Glover character, and i roll down the window and in his best preppy palm-beach, clenched teeth Biff impressions says "Wel-come to myyyyy PARRRRtyyyy". I park, go in, and even though he'd invited us at like 9pm, apparently we were invited as the after party his family had thrown for their own friends. All the trays of food had crumbs on them. We didnt care; the family was SUPER nice, and the house was totally f-ing "Mack"ed out.. ridiculous house. And we ate leftovers and drank before splitting. After seeing his house, and hearing about how they summered in Vero Beach, we pressed Smack for a year to get a weekend for us all up there. Eventually he capitulated and one weekend, before his family was to stake their summer claim there, he invited us up there and me and my girlfriend, and Marvin and his girlfriend, and Jorge and like 6 other people all drive up there. It was like that scene in Caddyshack when they let all the Caddy's use the pool.. all these young drunken, stoned riff-raff clamoring up to "MAC's Landing". That wasn't my name for it. It actually said that in a carved driftwood sign at the entrance. It was ON. THE. BEACH. And the place is, again, ridiculously nice. And people are smoking, and drinking and generally going berserk. Marvin is partying his ass off with his girlfriend listening to the Spin Doctors at like 11 in a bedroom, I'm being a clown and trying to make a bong out of anything I can find, and @[1531024449:2048:Jorge Rodriguez] is hurling goldschlager off the balcony. It was awesome. I dont think anyone could remember what Scotty did. he wasn't much of a partier, so my only memory is of him is being a good host, nursing a can of beer all night and going from guest to guest to schmooze. I saw Scotty like 2 years ago. In a parking lot. Driving an old car, stuffed with crap and folders and newspapers and magazines and stuff. He said he was coaching a kid's little league or was an assistant coach at a high school or something. He was still doing some freelance stuff for Defo too. I told him it was great to see him after all this time, and I wished him well. And as he left, he rolled down his window as he went by and yelled "HEE HAWW HEEE!" as he drove away.\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 July 28 at 9:45pm\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, Adam Austin Arnold and 13 others like this.\par
    Rick Alpern Hee-haw-heeeeee. One of the great all time IOD sound bites. Haven't talked to Jim Hobbs in a year or so, but it is how we start every conversation or voice mail. Great story Adam!\par
    July 28 at 9:55pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Dan Santoro The only way these bedtime stories could be better is if Neil was reading them...with one of those wind-up music boxes in the background....\par
    July 28 at 10:33pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Ara Reyes He is from up in the sky! Lol\par
    July 28 at 10:41pm via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Andrew Kalb Great story. Awesome times...\par
    July 28 at 10:55pm \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Andy Kalb, Ladies and Gentlemen! Andy can vouch for many of these stories, probably most notably the Mandich kids stories.\par
    July 28 at 10:57pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Dorian Oldham Mandich kid stories? I'm behind, please tell!\par
    July 28 at 11:04pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Oh lord... look back to a post Barry Rose posted about favorite sports holes..there are two in that thread\par
    July 28 at 11:06pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Dorian Oldham Thanks Adam!\par
    July 28 at 11:07pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Sorry.. I could never rewrite them better than I did there.. I wouldn't do them justice.\par
    July 28 at 11:09pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Dorian Oldham Doesn't seem to be accessible.\par
    July 28 at 11:10pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Dorian Oldham Maybe I have to friend him.\par
    July 28 at 11:10pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner No its on the Neil rogers group page\par
    July 28 at 11:10pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder I touched her dot!\par
    July 28 at 11:16pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner Tremendous!\par
    July 28 at 11:18pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Alan McCoach Rick Riley stole my briefcase.\par
    July 28 at 11:34pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Wow, cup of coffee and the first thing I've read this AM. Thanks again for a look on the inside!\par
    July 29 at 6:50am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Brian Yoham I love your stories Adam. Growing up in South FLA I wanted to grow up to be a WIOD producer like you guys, until I found out you basically worked for free, lol. Sounds line you guys has the time of your lives then!\par
    July 29 at 7:12am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Brian Yoham Sorry for the typos. In Vegas, 4:38am...\par
    July 29 at 7:28am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose Iirc, Neil always referred to Scotty Mac as a "Twerp."\par
    July 29 at 9:16am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner What's lirc?\par
    July 29 at 9:17am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose If I recall/remember correctly.\par
    July 29 at 9:18am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Ohhhh. OK. Yes. Scotty Mac was/is indeed twerpy. But twerp leaves one with a negative impression. In Scotty's own carted words, he'd say "I'm not a bad guy... I'm a GOOD GUY"\par
    July 29 at 9:20am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose I think it was Neil just having fun with him.i\par
    July 29 at 9:24am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I believe this to be true.\par
    July 29 at 9:25am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Up next time: The time I got my first live show producing gig, and almost caused the show to not go on the air.\par
    July 29 at 11:12am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI... it was Mike Reineri's show.\par
    July 29 at 11:16am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Jay Adler I'm about sick of that crap, I'll tell you right now\par
    July 29 at 11:17am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Fred Sowder 1, 2, 3, testing, testing. It's raining and I'm counting. 1, 2, 3...\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 