{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner September 4 at 3:21pm\par
\b0 Wednesday Afternoon Bedtime Story: Brooke Daniels stars as Sam Break-your-stones.\par
\par
I was not Brooke's producer. I did not work directly with her. But I was there, and had some interaction with her. But mostly, I saw the carnage left behind as she chewed her way through producer after producer\'85. You'll have to talk to one of them for more specifics or for confirmation of this stuff\'85 But here's what I remember..\par
\par
In January 1997, Brooke Daniels came to what was left of WIOD. Paxson had already purchased, we were already in the new digs in Hollywood. We're told she'd been taken lured away from North Carolina where she'd been wildly successful. She was jewish, bawdy, and outspoken.\par
\par
"Great," I though.. "Randi 2, BrookeDaniels BoogaLoo"\par
\par
So she starts her shows off at night I think, then gets moved around to different slots and different times and her show is lengthened, and shortened, and finally it's down to 2 hours noon to two. More of that Harry Valentine and Walter Sabo brain trust ideas of tweaking things every 4 minutes based on what some douchebag filled out on a card.\par
\par
Brooke was\'85 how should I say this delicately? Ok ok.. I know..it's a joke\'85 When have I been delicate before on these stories?\par
\par
Brooke was a ball buster of cosmic proportions. She mowed through producers faster than she could laugh that dolphin-esque cackle of hers. AH-ah-ah-ah-ah-Ahhhhh. "The Piercer", "Fajita", and several others all pulled out their hair and curled up in the fetal position at the end of each day. No phone calls? Producer's fault. Topic didn't work? Producer's fault. CD didn't play? Producer's fault. Ratings suck? Producer's fault. Diet isn't working? Producer's fault. Can't find a man? Producer's fault. It got to the point, and I know this because I was the executive producer responsible for scheduling.. That nobody\'85 I mean NO-BODY wanted that shift. Even the part timers who worked 29 hours per week for 5 bucks an hour didn't want that full time job. I offered the gig to someone once and their response was "I think I'll wait until the next time a full time gig comes around\'85skip me this time".\par
\par
Every producer felt like Tom Arnold must have for 5 hours a day.. Forced to work for an overweight nagging, demanding, screaming banshee for just a little bit of money.\par
\par
See, Brooke, unfortunately (and I say that with the most sincere look on my puss) was no Randi.\par
\par
Randi took me in. And when things were good, I got some credit where it was due. And when things were bad, she had me share some of the blame if it was warranted. If she wanted me to try something differently, she asked. And if she wanted me to change something, she asked. She may have very well "M-F"-ed me behind my back thinking I wasn't doing enough, but she NEVER EVER laid into me like I was one of her employees. We were BOTH employed by the same company, working together for the same goal.. But Brooke? Brooke made sure you felt as though you worked for Sam Breakstone in those old cottage cheese commercials\'85 barking orders and yelling at people like they belonged to her.\par
\par
Here's another way she wasn't, despite the billing as, Randi. Sure, she was a Jew-ess, and had a New Yorker accent.. But that was about it. Randi came from humble beginnings, spent time in the Army, lived in some shady situations and was, sorry for saying it Randi.. Kinda low rent back then. Her crass trailerparkish attitude combined with the jew-ess loud mouth neurotic New Yorker is what made her amusing.. And Brooke was no Randi. Brooke was just another loudmouth bossy middle aged jewish lady. She was just like every single resident of Del Boca Vista. Randi was off the wall, bat shit crazy at times, but always fun\'85and sometimes funny. Brooke was like every lady my mom had over to play mahjong. 2 crack, 3 bam. Oy vey. I'd have nightmares of being in my footy pajamas banished to the den while a bunch of jewey yentas guzzled diet side and ate chips and dip while I listened through the door at the sounds of tiles sliding around, silly mundane whispered gossip about who's "getting' a pool next summah" or who's kid "is going to the community college if the fawl" between fits of yelling out "MAHJONG!" and cackling laughter\'85 but I digress, with a shiver\'85.\par
\par
One day Brooke has someone fill in for her 'cuz she had to go to the hospital or something the night before\'85 she'd received massive burns from a home accident. If I remember correctly, I think she'd burned the snot out of her hand on super hot wax during some kind of home waxing accident or someth\'85.o god.. I just vomited a little in my mouth as my brain started thinking ahead of itself while I wrote that\'85 I'll stop there about what happened.. But needless to say for a week or so after she returned, her had was bandaged in gauze like she had a mummy hand. She had to have help with EVERYTHING. And for a day or 3, everyone was so nice.. But after a few days or so, without any really great treatment back, people starting thinkin' "ok, WTF am I being nice for?" and the niceness started ceasing. And Brooke whined and biatches every day for help carrying crap to her car, or loading up the computer or hell, probably wiping her ass.\par
\par
She met a man (who I though was a little light in the loafers if you ask me..) who seemed really really nice.. And kind.. And seemed to like her? I think? She referred to him as Pookie on the air (hurrrrrl) and he allegedly got her pregnant. ? Yeah..it's still really hard to imagine.\par
\par
Thankfully, I wasn't there a ton.. I was with Rick and Suds and we were either on in Mornings way earlier than she was there, or in afternoons hours after her.. So we didn't see each other regularly.. But I did have to see the carnage daily, talking with the producers. And for their sake, and the audience's, I was not disappointed when she left. I don't know where she went.. I'd heard she'd dropped out of radio and was a realtor or something, but never heard of or from her again.\par
\par
About a decade later, I'm working in DownTown Fort Lauderdale\'85 and I step outside for a smoke.. And out of nowhere\'85 from high above in a skyscraper I hear that "ah-ah-ah-ah-AH-AH-ah-Ah-AH-ah" laugh rain down on me\'85 I look up, trying to see where it was coming from\'85 consider yelling out "BROOKE!" to see who looks over the balcony\'85 and think better of it, and go to the other side of the building to smoke. \emdash  with Ray Trujillo and Steven Spierer.\par
Wednesday Afternoon Bedtime Story: Brooke Daniels stars as Sam Break-your-stones. I was not Brooke's producer. I did not work directly with her. But I was there, and had some interaction with her. But mostly, I saw the carnage left behind as she chewed her way through producer after producer\'85. You'll have to talk to one of them for more specifics or for confirmation of this stuff\'85 But here's what I remember.. In January 1997, Brooke Daniels came to what was left of WIOD. Paxson had already purchased, we were already in the new digs in Hollywood. We're told she'd been taken lured away from North Carolina where she'd been wildly successful. She was jewish, bawdy, and outspoken. "Great," I though.. "Randi 2, BrookeDaniels BoogaLoo" So she starts her shows off at night I think, then gets moved around to different slots and different times and her show is lengthened, and shortened, and finally it's down to 2 hours noon to two. More of that Harry Valentine and Walter Sabo brain trust ideas of tweaking things every 4 minutes based on what some douchebag filled out on a card. Brooke was\'85 how should I say this delicately? Ok ok.. I know..it's a joke\'85 When have I been delicate before on these stories? Brooke was a ball buster of cosmic proportions. She mowed through producers faster than she could laugh that dolphin-esque cackle of hers. AH-ah-ah-ah-ah-Ahhhhh. "The Piercer", "Fajita", and several others all pulled out their hair and curled up in the fetal position at the end of each day. No phone calls? Producer's fault. Topic didn't work? Producer's fault. CD didn't play? Producer's fault. Ratings suck? Producer's fault. Diet isn't working? Producer's fault. Can't find a man? Producer's fault. It got to the point, and I know this because I was the executive producer responsible for scheduling.. That nobody\'85 I mean NO-BODY wanted that shift. Even the part timers who worked 29 hours per week for 5 bucks an hour didn't want that full time job. I offered the gig to someone once and their response was "I think I'll wait until the next time a full time gig comes around\'85skip me this time". Every producer felt like Tom Arnold must have for 5 hours a day.. Forced to work for an overweight nagging, demanding, screaming banshee for just a little bit of money. See, Brooke, unfortunately (and I say that with the most sincere look on my puss) was no Randi. Randi took me in. And when things were good, I got some credit where it was due. And when things were bad, she had me share some of the blame if it was warranted. If she wanted me to try something differently, she asked. And if she wanted me to change something, she asked. She may have very well "M-F"-ed me behind my back thinking I wasn't doing enough, but she NEVER EVER laid into me like I was one of her employees. We were BOTH employed by the same company, working together for the same goal.. But Brooke? Brooke made sure you felt as though you worked for Sam Breakstone in those old cottage cheese commercials\'85 barking orders and yelling at people like they belonged to her. Here's another way she wasn't, despite the billing as, Randi. Sure, she was a Jew-ess, and had a New Yorker accent.. But that was about it. Randi came from humble beginnings, spent time in the Army, lived in some shady situations and was, sorry for saying it Randi.. Kinda low rent back then. Her crass trailerparkish attitude combined with the jew-ess loud mouth neurotic New Yorker is what made her amusing.. And Brooke was no Randi. Brooke was just another loudmouth bossy middle aged jewish lady. She was just like every single resident of Del Boca Vista. Randi was off the wall, bat shit crazy at times, but always fun\'85and sometimes funny. Brooke was like every lady my mom had over to play mahjong. 2 crack, 3 bam. Oy vey. I'd have nightmares of being in my footy pajamas banished to the den while a bunch of jewey yentas guzzled diet side and ate chips and dip while I listened through the door at the sounds of tiles sliding around, silly mundane whispered gossip about who's "getting' a pool next summah" or who's kid "is going to the community college if the fawl" between fits of yelling out "MAHJONG!" and cackling laughter\'85 but I digress, with a shiver\'85. One day Brooke has someone fill in for her 'cuz she had to go to the hospital or something the night before\'85 she'd received massive burns from a home accident. If I remember correctly, I think she'd burned the snot out of her hand on super hot wax during some kind of home waxing accident or someth\'85.o god.. I just vomited a little in my mouth as my brain started thinking ahead of itself while I wrote that\'85 I'll stop there about what happened.. But needless to say for a week or so after she returned, her had was bandaged in gauze like she had a mummy hand. She had to have help with EVERYTHING. And for a day or 3, everyone was so nice.. But after a few days or so, without any really great treatment back, people starting thinkin' "ok, WTF am I being nice for?" and the niceness started ceasing. And Brooke whined and biatches every day for help carrying crap to her car, or loading up the computer or hell, probably wiping her ass. She met a man (who I though was a little light in the loafers if you ask me..) who seemed really really nice.. And kind.. And seemed to like her? I think? She referred to him as Pookie on the air (hurrrrrl) and he allegedly got her pregnant. ? Yeah..it's still really hard to imagine. Thankfully, I wasn't there a ton.. I was with Rick and Suds and we were either on in Mornings way earlier than she was there, or in afternoons hours after her.. So we didn't see each other regularly.. But I did have to see the carnage daily, talking with the producers. And for their sake, and the audience's, I was not disappointed when she left. I don't know where she went.. I'd heard she'd dropped out of radio and was a realtor or something, but never heard of or from her again. About a decade later, I'm working in DownTown Fort Lauderdale\'85 and I step outside for a smoke.. And out of nowhere\'85 from high above in a skyscraper I hear that "ah-ah-ah-ah-AH-AH-ah-Ah-AH-ah" laugh rain down on me\'85 I look up, trying to see where it was coming from\'85 consider yelling out "BROOKE!" to see who looks over the balcony\'85 and think better of it, and go to the other side of the building to smoke.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 September 4 at 3:21pm\par
\par
    Barry Rose, John Pearson, Fred Sowder and 9 others like this.\par
    Scooter Livingston Whenver Neil would play that cackle of hers as a dropin...it did send chills thru me.\par
    September 4 at 4:50pm \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston Noon to 2...was Neil on 'QAM by that point?\par
    September 4 at 4:50pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner When she was on noon -2p she followed Greggo from 10-noon i think.\par
    September 4 at 5:08pm \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston Grego and her...a real ratings booster....NOT\par
    September 4 at 5:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Nobody was going to do well in that timeslot after neil left and when he started at WQAM. Nobody. They could have put Stern on and it wouldnt have done well... They should have just run a 60 kilohertz tone and it would have had the numbers Greggo brought in\par
    September 4 at 5:10pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Judy Wolgang I recall she showed up at one of Neil's remotes before she got hired, sucking around for a job probably.\par
    September 4 at 5:11pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Hmm. I dunno... guess that could be true... In fact, lets start that rumor right here and now, shall we?\par
    September 4 at 5:11pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Ray Trujillo or Steven Spierer can probably offer blow-by-blow accounts.. if I can say that...\par
    September 4 at 5:18pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I was working in radio at that time and just got fired from a full-time job not at all far away in Palm Beach County. I really needed a job. I wouldn't have taken that one. I've proabably had worse jobs than that job, and I still wouldn't have taken it, because I just want to drive sharp, filthy needles into my ears every time I hear a voice like hers.\par
    September 4 at 5:31pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias And I don't consider Randi's voice at all like hers. The difference is Randi always sounded like she belonged on the radio. I remember listening to her on SHE, and she sounded great. Sure, she had a regional thing going on, but I grew up in that region...See More\par
    September 4 at 5:35pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Sorry, I always get a little bit too fired up on Jewish New Years Eve\par
    September 4 at 5:39pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Steven Spierer The Tom Arnold analogy was perfect. I met her before we did our first show together and she matter-of-fact told me her first choice for producer was Fajita, who she'd worked with on an audition weekend shift. But she wasn't given her first choice, an...See More\par
    September 4 at 8:15pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Allen Smith {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/mLbi7FJH2YY }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/mLbi7FJH2YY\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Neil Rogers Show (November 16, 1999)\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    03:10 Brooke Daniels, inside radio talk Donald Trump Religion - Planet Found Nei...See More\par
    September 4 at 8:23pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Rafael Vazquez Jr Listened a couple of Times as i was new to Non Sports Talk radio and work often late into to the Nights! Still remember being bored and Yes the Pregnancy!!\par
    September 4 at 8:45pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Michael Smith, that YouTube show you posted above gave me sexual excitement. Absolutely dead on...\par
    September 4 at 8:56pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Allen Smith This is the power of having show notes. We can quickly isolate relevant audio across 1600+ shows instantly.\par
    September 4 at 8:57pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
    Jon Elias That reminds me, I'll get back to working on some more show notes tomorrow. Was it Brooke who had a wooden leg or am I confusing her with someone else?\par
    September 4 at 9:08pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Lol.. I think rick and suds used to joke about that! Yes! But ibdont think she really had one.. would have required too much wood\par
    September 4 at 9:11pm via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias LOL... That's harsh. And funny.\par
    September 4 at 10:28pm \'b7 Like\par
    Sharon Mahony I never heard her but that laugh is great!!!\par
    September 4 at 11:04pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner The first 20 or 30 I'll give you... after that it became shards of glass on a chalkboard.\par
    September 4 at 11:07pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner They should make car alarms with that laugh...\par
    September 4 at 11:11pm via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Sharon Mahony HAH ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!\par
    September 4 at 11:12pm \'b7 Like\par
    Sharon Mahony I want to make a recording and play it when kids come to the door for trick or treating for Halloween... Ah hahahahahahahaha!\par
    September 4 at 11:13pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI.. Steven Spierer is "The Piercer" I refer to in my post.. he produced her show for a while.\par
    Yesterday at 6:56am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo I am Fajita, and I will plead the 5th. Suffice to say, I preferred running Rush Limbaugh, at least it was on a clock and I could turn it down.\par
    Yesterday at 7:05am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Ha!\par
    Yesterday at 7:06am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo My only saving grace was being HIGH AS FUCK most of the time. Ahh, the 90's.\par
    Yesterday at 7:08am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Should a slipped some to Brookie Monster.\par
    Yesterday at 7:10am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Ray Trujillo And John Ford was no help either...\par
    Yesterday at 7:11am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I know... but seriously... what could he do?\par
    Yesterday at 7:13am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo hard to give orders with the consultant's balls in your mouth.\par
    Yesterday at 7:14am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Lol... I can't bash John Ford Wilkes Booth... I got along with him well, and he was just a cog in the machine.. I think he was just a good koolade drinking soldier. At times I think he was as frustrated as the rest of us.\par
    Yesterday at 7:16am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo I know... we used to drink together. A lot! He also promoted me to "executive producer" or "schedule maker" as it should have been called.\par
    Yesterday at 7:19am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner lol.\par
    Yesterday at 9:09am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner That Youtube clip is so amazing that I'm listening to it again... I miss Neil.\par
    Yesterday at 9:13am \'b7 Like\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 