{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner\b0\par
Sunday Morning Bed Time Story \endash  The Cat is Outta The Bag 12/15/13\par
\par
This is one of those stories I don\rquote t have every detail on. I was involved in what went down at different points of this story that was 8 months in the making. I was involved initially, then some point mid-way, then the aftermath. So I can only provide info on what I know, what I remember, and what I was told happened.\par
\par
When Rick and Suds were in afternoons, one of the best parts of the show was undoubtedly the callers. There\rquote s just something about the guys that brought out interesting, unique personalities. Maybe it was that by late afternoon folks were ready to let loose and play around. Once R&S went to morning drive, the callers just weren\rquote t the same; people are too busy and too angry about having to go to work to play fun and games like riding over their cordless phones with a lawnmower or putting their heads in a toilet, or vomiting on the air just for the fun of it.\par
\par
One of those unique callers with a unique job was a guy whose job it was to drive dead animals, mostly roadkill, but also deceased pets, and \ldblquote take care of them\rdblquote . They were freeze dried, then incinerated or something like that. (This is one of those details I don\rquote t remember the nitty gritty of). Anyway, it was really, really interesting, and a little educational, but really odd, and we were all fascinated. When I say we, I mean Rick, Suds, Marvin and I. I was producing Randi\rquote s show, but I was ALWAYS hanging around the R&S Show, and spent a ton of time helping out, sitting in the control room during their show, and just joining in the mayhem.. but I digress.\par
\par
So the guy comes by the station and leaves a freeze dried cat, curled into a perfect circle like it was sleeping, in a black, plastic trash bag.\par
\par
WTF do you do with that?\par
\par
You put it in the freezer of course. DUH. So we did.\par
\par
And the guys would make jokes on the air about it being downstairs in the nearly-never cleaned out refrigerator downstairs in the cafeteria.\par
\par
\ldblquote We got anything to give away Marvin?\rdblquote  Rick would ask.\par
\par
\ldblquote Just the cat in the freezer, dude\rdblquote  Marvin would say on air from the control room.\par
\par
We all just figured everyone knew.\par
\par
Every now and then, while shuffling things around down there in the freezer I\rquote d take a peek, or feel the curved backbone of the kitty through the plastic bag, and grab my lunch or whatever. I can\rquote t imagine what everyone else assumed when they felt a cat-head and ears through that garbage bag.\par
\par
So\'85 fast forward months and months later. Rick and Suds are in Morning Drive. I think by then Randi is gone, Marvin is gone, and Phil is on in afternoon drive. And it\rquote s his birthday.\par
\par
From what I understand\'85 again.. I wasn\rquote t there for this part of the story\'85 someone got Phil an icecream cake. And they\rquote re having a difficult time getting it to fit in the freezer. As I\rquote ve mentioned, the thing was never cleaned out.. so I\rquote m sure that the process of trying to get a cake box to fit in there was like playing tetris on a grand scale. Old Tupperware lunches dating back to the Civil War, frozen TV dinners, Microwave lean cuisines, ice cream containers, and some round hard thing in a big black plastic bag. And someone opened the bag. And flipped. The fux. Out.\par
\par
Like crying and shrieking and hyperventilating. I don\rquote t know if it was Mercy, the super nice, Spanish speaking, middle-aged overweight accounting-marm. Or Stephanie, the gravel voiced, scrappy traffic department manager. All I know is Jennifer Rehm, News Director and Anchor during Phil\rquote s show, lost her mind.\par
\par
So I show up the next day at 4am and as I pass the lunchroom on my way up the stairs to the studio, I notice the fridge is empty. And spotless. And open. And caution taped.\par
\par
And by the time the show is over, everyone in the building has come into the control room to ask me about the cat, and tell me about what happened the day prior when someone opened the plastic garbage bag and reacted like there was a dead infant in it. And the lunch room was closed down and disinfected like it was a bloody biohazard scene.\par
\par
I was apathetic about it, because I\rquote d assumed everyone in the place knew it was in there. It wasn\rquote t a secret; they\rquote d talked about it before, during, and for month after. But the fact that a dead, freeze dried cat was in a plastic bag in the lunchroom freezer was now something that there was going to be an investigation into.\par
\par
I was called into the Program Director\rquote s office and asked about it.\par
\par
\ldblquote Did you put it there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote No\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote But you knew it was there?\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Who didn\rquote t? It\rquote s been there almost a year. Anyone listening to the afternoon show and morning show would have known about it. It wasn\rquote t a secret. It\rquote s freezedried. Sterile. Anyone could have opened that bag and seen it. It wasn\rquote t a secret. It\rquote s the cat in the freezer\rdblquote\par
\ldblquote Ok. Thanks.\rdblquote\par
\par
And that was it from what I know. I don\rquote t know if Rick and Suds got in trouble. We talked about it, but if they ever got in trouble they never told me.\par
\par
But Jennifer Rehm didn\rquote t speak to me again, ever. \emdash  with Suds Coleman and Rick Riley.\par
Sunday Morning Bed Time Story \endash  The Cat is Outta The Bag This is one of those stories I don\rquote t have every detail on. I was involved in what went down at different points of this story that was 8 months in the making. I was involved initially, then some point mid-way, then the aftermath. So I can only provide info on what I know, what I remember, and what I was told happened. When Rick and Suds were in afternoons, one of the bets parts of the show was undoubtedly the callers. There\rquote s just something about the guys that brought out interesting, unique personalities. Maybe it was that by late afternoon folks were ready to let loose and play around. Once R&S went to morning drive, the callers just weren\rquote t the same; people are too busy and too angry about having to go to work to play fun and games like riding over their cordless phones with a lawnmower or putting their heads in a toilet, or vomiting on the air just for the fun of it. One of those unique callers with a unique job was a guy who\rquote s job it was to drive dead animals, mostly roadkill, but also deceased pets, and \ldblquote take care of them\rdblquote . They were freeze dried, then incinerated or something like that. (This is one of those details I don\rquote t remember the nitty gritty of). Anyway, it was really, really interesting, and a little educational, but really odd, and we were all fascinated. When I say we, I mean Rick, Suds, Marvin and I. I was producing Randi\rquote s show, but I was ALWAYS hanging around the R&S Show, and spent a ton of time helping out, sitting in the control room during their show, and just joining in the mayhem.. but I digress. So the guy comes by the station and leaves a freeze dried cat, curled into a perfect circle like it was sleeping, in a black, plastic trash bag. WTF do you do with that? You put it in the freezer of course. DUH. So we did. And the guys would make jokes on the air about it being downstairs in the nearly-never cleaned out refrigerator downstairs in the cafeteria. \ldblquote We got anything to give away Marvin?\rdblquote  Rick would ask. \ldblquote Just the cat in the freezer, dude\rdblquote  Marvin would say on air from the control room. We all just figured everyone knew. Every now and then, while shuffling things around down there in the freezer I\rquote d take a peek, or feel the curved backbone of the kitty through the plastic bag, and grab my lunch or whatever. I can\rquote t imagine what everyone else assumed when they felt a cat-head and ears through that garbage bag. So\'85 fast forward months and months later. Rick and Suds are in Morning Drive. Randi is gone. Marvin is gone. Phil is on in afternoon drive. And it\rquote s his birthday. From what I understand\'85 again.. I wasn\rquote t there for this part of the story\'85 someone got Phil an icecream cake. And they\rquote re having a difficult time getting it to fit in the freezer. As I\rquote ve mentioned, the thing was never cleaned out.. so I\rquote m sure that the process of trying to get a cake box to fit in there was like playing tetris on a grand scale. Old Tupperware lunches dating back to the Civil War, frozen TV dinners, Microwave lean cuisines, ice cream containers, and some round hard thing in a big black plastic bag. And someone opened the bag. And flipped. The fux. Out. Like crying and shrieking and hyperventilating. I don\rquote t know if it was Mercy, the super nice, Spanish speaking, middle-aged overweight accounting-marm. Or Stephanie, the gravel voiced, scrappy traffic department manager. All I know is Jennifer Rehm, News Director and Anchor during Phil\rquote s show, lost her mind. So I show up the next day at 4am and as I pass the lunchroom on my way up the stairs to the studio, I notice the fridge is empty. And spotless. And open. And caution taped. And by the time the show is over, everyone in the building has come into the control room to ask me about the cat, and tell me about what happened the day prior when someone opened the plastic garbage bag and reacted like there was a dead infant in it. And the lunch room was closed down and disinfected like it was a bloody biohazard scene. I was apathetic about it, because I\rquote d assumed everyone in the place knew it was in there. It wasn\rquote t a secret; they\rquote d talked about it before, during, and for month after. But the fact that a dead, freeze dried cat was in a plastic bag in the lunchroom freezer was now something that there was going to be an investigation into. I was called into the Program Director\rquote s office and asked about it. \ldblquote Did you put it there?\rdblquote  \ldblquote No\rdblquote  \ldblquote But you knew it was there?\rdblquote  \ldblquote Who didn\rquote t? It\rquote s been there almost a year. Anyone listening to the afternoon show and morning show would have known about it. It wasn\rquote t a secret. It\rquote s freezedried. Sterile. Anyone could have opened that bag and seen it. It wasn\rquote t a secret. It\rquote s the cat in the freezer\rdblquote  \ldblquote Ok. Thanks.\rdblquote  And that was it from what I know. I don\rquote t know if Rick and Suds got in trouble. We talked about it, but if they ever got in trouble they never told me. But Jennifer Rehm didn\rquote t speak to me again, ever.\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Share \'b7 Stop Notifications \'b7 Yesterday at 1:44am \'b7 Edited\par
\par
    You, Barry Rose, Jon Elias, Bruce Clifford and 10 others like this.\par
    Randall New ...feel the curved backbone of the kitty through the plastic bag, and grab my lunch...\par
    Yesterday at 1:58am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner totally true. I knew it was there any time i had stuff to put in the freezer. It just got moved around so I could fit my stuff.\par
    Yesterday at 2:00am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Randall New Adam, great story, had to be a real scene.\par
    Yesterday at 2:01am \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley FYI, Ms. Rehm blamed me for the entire thing. Suds was like Teflon. Anything bad that happened was always my fault and I only WISH she would have not spoken to me ever again, because as it was, she was as nasty as nasty could be. The cat was already dead. I didn't kill it. I just provided a place for it to rest and wanted to see how long it would be before anyone noticed. I've always been a scientist at heart. My show was based on 'what if's...' What if a guy sang the National Anthem while standing in a Fire Ant pile. How would that sound? What if a guy was banging from inside the trunk while a gas station attendant was filling up the car? What if we put a cat, THAT WAS ALREADY DEAD... in the lunch room freezer. Would anyone notice? If she and everyone else would have had a little better 'refrig hygiene' it wouldn't have had a birthday in there. And because it did, I was somehow a bad guy.\par
    Yesterday at 2:02am \'b7 Like \'b7 11\par
    Adam Kirschner I thought it was funny as hell that we had a "dead cat in the freezer" for nearly a year without anyone noticing. "Hey, what's that?" - "Ohh that's just the Freezer Cat"\par
    Yesterday at 2:05am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Randall New Did it look content?\par
    Yesterday at 2:08am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Like it was sleeping.\par
    Yesterday at 2:10am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley You know what was weird... even Phil was angry. Here's a guy who basically has no scruples when it comes to entertainment, and he lost sight of all humor in it. A cat is in the freezer that's used by an entire office every day for a year and no one notices? And you don't think that's funny? Come on!!!\par
    Yesterday at 2:15am \'b7 Like \'b7 5\par
    Adam Kirschner If you think Phil was mad, you shoulda heard Margaret\par
    Yesterday at 2:29am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Randall New The thing I want to know is, did anyone continue to use the freezer.\par
    Yesterday at 2:32am \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New or a "freezer phobia"\par
    Yesterday at 2:34am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner After the decontamination, yeah\par
    Yesterday at 3:00am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner They may have even bought a new fridge...\par
    Yesterday at 3:04am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson I always wondered where the dead cat came from. Thanks for filling in that part of the story for me Adam. Yes Rick you seemed to be blamed for everything that went wrong there, thanks for your contribution to this story.\par
    Yesterday at 5:16am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    James Eric Schuyler "You just can't beat that feline meat."\par
    Yesterday at 6:21am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Barry Chitwood The cat's in the kettle at the Peking Moon.......\par
    Yesterday at 7:34am \'b7 Like \'b7 6\par
    Jon Elias Here's a picture of the cat at the start of the investigation\par
    Jon Elias's photo.\par
    Yesterday at 7:53am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Bruce Clifford A buddy and i once called in during the afternoon from our work and we didn't know our boss was in the car listening at the time. We almost got fired for wasting time. I remember the freeze dried animal GROSS\par
    Yesterday at 8:19am \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New Freeze dried cat, the bistec on lunch trucks.....\par
    Yesterday at 8:47am \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose If you fry your cats in Crisco.....\par
    Yesterday at 9:44am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Randall New .......\par
    Yesterday at 9:45am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner The over reaction by some people was as if we tried to serve it to people AS the birthday cake..\par
    Yesterday at 9:47am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Randall New Someone I knew bred Persians, interbred them, stuck all the ones that didn"t make it in the freezer. Had"em fill to the top, great Christmas ornaments!\par
    Yesterday at 9:48am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner ::::you guys did notice the cat cake in the picture, right?:::::\par
    Yesterday at 9:54am via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose Is that Jennifer Rehm in the pic? Coincidence that I posted about someone stealing cats from the vet clinic next to Flora's and they appear in the IOD freezer? Where's Johnny Dark?\par
    Yesterday at 9:56am \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Engler I was a long time listener, more of an eavesdropper really, never got a number. I too remember the cat.\par
    Yesterday at 10:03am \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New ...mmm...cat cake....\par
    Yesterday at 10:18am \'b7 Like\par
    Norman Waas Soylent cat.\par
    Yesterday at 10:44am \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New Laissez-les manger le chat\par
    Yesterday at 10:48am \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Why doncha go back to Canada, you Jew bastard!\par
    Yesterday at 10:49am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Randall New GODD DAMNN FROGGS!\par
    Yesterday at 10:50am \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New I always serve my catcake with tongs.\par
    Yesterday at 10:53am \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Srebro I think this is the first time I've ever heard bad things said about Jennifer Rehm. Interesting. I'd forgotten about this story. And despite the fact that it is genuinely funny, all I can really think is, "awww, poor cat." (Probably since ours just pas...See More\par
    Yesterday at 10:56am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner There are a few people, mostly news personnel, who have some less than sensational things to say about Jen Rhem. I always liked her; hell I wrote a parody song about her wishfully taking over Weekend Magazine show. But .. and maybe I save this for another bedtime story.. the Jen Rehm Canoe Trip was not an adventure many people who went remember fondly.\par
    Yesterday at 11:07am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker On Neil's show, he made it seem that the cat was brought to Phil along with the cake. Jennifer would not speak to Neil about it, so I knew she was pissed. Great story.\par
    Yesterday at 1:34pm\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 