{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Monday Afternoon Bedtime Story: Reineri on his own.  July 29 at 3:31pm\par
\b0\par
I've never told this story, and I'm not proud of it at all. Many board-ops lost their jobs over things like this, but thankfully, and deviously i covered my tracks enough, or so I think, so that I didn't get fired on the spot.\par
\par
Mike Reineri's show was different than all the rest in many ways, but most noticeable within the building because his was the only show where the host didn't do his part in the talk studio; he did it from the control room.\par
\par
Since "Uncle Mikey" had to throw it to the traffic report every 3 minutes, and a weather report every 4 minutes and news headlines or news update every 15, and commercials every 7, it was just easier to have uncle Mikey do all that stuff than have a board op have to figure out when he had to do the "Pattern Trance" and all that Ooga Booga.\par
\par
His producer, Roger, sat in the talk studio writing out all the cards and slips of paper Mike had to read, loaded up stacks of commercial carts for Mike to play, ready the telepoll (record a voice message on an answering machine then edit all the responses together with music bed under them) etc etc.\par
\par
Roger was set to go on vacation for a week, and for some reason, he and whomever made the decision decided to give me my first big shot at producing a live weekday show. Sure, I'd worked the weekend shows like The Garden Guy and Meg Green... but this was a PRIME TIME SHOW that had to be produced, not just board-op. Roger looked like a thinner version of Rip Taylor, white hair and mustache, and always wore a panama hat and jogging shorts and boat shoes. He was a pilot, and he greeted everyone with "Mornin' Handsome!" and labeled everything he owned with "No Touch!" which actually had the opposite affect in most cases.\par
\par
First day went good. I arrived at 4am and got everything all set up. I was really nervous, and tried my best to make sure the telepoll and other stuff was suitable for the morning show of Uncle Mikey's tempo. A 23 yr old flannel wearing, multiple pierced ear, chain smoker isn't exactly their primary demo if ya know what I mean. But I got through it. And Mikey was complimentary. And Neil ragged on me calling me "Roger Junior" and stuff.\par
\par
That night, I went to hang with my room mate and party. I call him my room mate because I lived with him in college, but at the time I lived at his house , sleeping on a blowup mattress on the floor, living out of boxes. at $4.25 an hour for 29 hours a week, you can't exactly live on your own. So this was a BIG shot for me to establish myself as the next full-timer. But I digress...\par
\par
I was still so nervous and excited that I couldnt sleep, and when I finally fell asleep at like 2 am.... yup. you guessed it. I slept through not one, but TWO alarm clocks. When I woke up at 7:15, a full hour and fifteen minutes AFTER the show started, I frickin PANICKED like never before. Not just because i was REALLY late. Not just because this was my big chance. But because the guy who worked the overnight shift the night before, the guy who normally would have covered my shift until I got there... was blind. That's right. Blind. with his seeing-eye-dog with him. Overnight board-ops play spots between syndicated Larry King, and with the board and the commercials all labeled in braille, he was a damn fine board operator. God bless you, Mike Bohan... We miss you and your dog Iris (yeah.. he named the dog after a part of the eye. He was a great guy). But as a live show producer he was, for lack of a better word, he was sincerely handicapped.\par
\par
There werent even cellphones then, just beepers. And mine had gone off like 27 times already. I hopped in my car and drove a block to a gas station and called the hotline and Mike answered. I'd told him I was on my way, but had gotten a flat on the highway and was stuck with no spare and had to wait for a tow truck to fill my tire with air and thats why I was so late.. and please let everyone know i'd be there soon.\par
\par
I ran to the back of the car, wiped my hands on the rims of my car, and wiped grease and dust on my hands, arms, pants, face. I pulled out my spare, deflated it as best I could, and threw it and the jack in my back seat and drove to the station. I arrived around 7:45, and appropriately, I looked like hell.\par
\par
Nobody said a whole lot about it to me.. a bunch of "man that sucks" but that was about it. It never got mentioned again, and the rest of the show went pretty much as planned, me thanking eveyone who'd helped out with helping Mike get his show on the air, like the news folks and Mike Bohan, and Uncle Mikey who had to leave his comfort zone and do the show differently than he probably had to in more than a decade.\par
\par
And from that point on, if I had to work a morning shift, I'd set 3 alarms and left the number of wherever I was sleeping with whomever was working the night shift with explicit instructions to call me over and over if they didnt hear from me by 4:45am.\par
\par
Here's what I probably looked like that morning.\par
\par
Monday Afternoon Bedtime Story: Reineri on his own. I've never told this story, and I'm not proud of it at all. Many board-ops lost their jobs over things like this, but thankfully, and deviously i covered my tracks enough, or so I think, so that I didn't get fired on the spot. Mike Reineri's show was different than all the rest in many ways, but most noticeable within the building because his was the only show where the host didn't do his part in the talk studio; he did it from the control room. Since "Uncle Mikey" had to throw it to the traffic report every 3 minutes, and a weather report every 4 minutes and news headlines or news update every 15, and commercials every 7, it was just easier to have uncle Mikey do all that stuff than have a board op have to figure out when he had to do the "Pattern Trance" and all that Ooga Booga. His producer, Roger, sat in the talk studio writing out all the cards and slips of paper Mike had to read, loaded up stacks of commercial carts for Mike to play, ready the telepoll (record a voice message on an answering machine then edit all the responses together with music bed under them) etc etc. Roger was set to go on vacation for a week, and for some reason, he and whomever made the decision decided to give me my first big shot at producing a live weekday show. Sure, I'd worked the weekend shows like The Garden Guy and Meg Green... but this was a PRIME TIME SHOW that had to be produced, not just board-op. Roger looked like a thinner version of Rip Taylor, white hair and mustache, and always wore a panama hat and jogging shorts and boat shoes. He was a pilot, and he greeted everyone with "Mornin' Handsome!" and labeled everything he owned with "No Touch!" which actually had the opposite affect in most cases. First day went good. I arrived at 4am and got everything all set up. I was really nervous, and tried my best to make sure the telepoll and other stuff was suitable for the morning show of Uncle Mikey's tempo. A 23 yr old flannel wearing, multiple pierced ear, chain smoker isn't exactly their primary demo if ya know what I mean. But I got through it. And Mikey was complimentary. And Neil ragged on me calling me "Roger Junior" and stuff. That night, I went to hang with my room mate and party. I call him my room mate because I lived with him in college, but at the time I lived at his house , sleeping on a blowup mattress on the floor, living out of boxes. at $4.25 an hour for 29 hours a week, you can't exactly live on your own. So this was a BIG shot for me to establish myself as the next full-timer. But I digress... I was still so nervous and excited that I couldnt sleep, and when I finally fell asleep at like 2 am.... yup. you guessed it. I slept through not one, but TWO alarm clocks. When I woke up at 7:15, a full hour and fifteen minutes AFTER the show started, I frickin PANICKED like never before. Not just because i was REALLY late. Not just because this was my big chance. But because the guy who worked the overnight shift the night before, the guy who normally would have covered my shift until I got there... was blind. That's right. Blind. with his seeing-eye-dog with him. Overnight board-ops play spots between syndicated Larry King, and with the board and the commercials all labeled in braille, he was a damn fine board operator. God bless you, Mike Bohan... We miss you and your dog Iris (yeah.. he named the dog after a part of the eye. He was a great guy). But as a live show producer he was, for lack of a better word, he was sincerely handicapped. There werent even cellphones then, just beepers. And mine had gone off like 27 times already. I hopped in my car and drove a block to a gas station and called the hotline and Mike answered. I'd told him I was on my way, but had gotten a flat on the highway and was stuck with no spare and had to wait for a tow truck to fill my tire with air and thats why I was so late.. and please let everyone know i'd be there soon. I ran to the back of the car, wiped my hands on the rims of my car, and wiped grease and dust on my hands, arms, pants, face. I pulled out my spare, deflated it as best I could, and threw it and the jack in my back seat and drove to the station. I arrived around 7:45, and appropriately, I looked like hell. Nobody said a whole lot about it to me.. a bunch of "man that sucks" but that was about it. It never got mentioned again, and the rest of the show went pretty much as planned, me thanking eveyone who'd helped out with helping Mike get his show on the air, like the news folks and Mike Bohan, and Uncle Mikey who had to leave his comfort zone and do the show differently than he probably had to in more than a decade. And from that point on, if I had to work a morning shift, I'd set 3 alarms and left the number of wherever I was sleeping with whomever was working the night shift with explicit instructions to call me over and over if they didnt hear from me by 4:45am. Here's what I probably looked like that morning.\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 Monday at 3:31pm\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, John Pearson and 6 others like this.\par
    Fred Sowder Mike Bohan was a mensch. Easily one of the coolest people I've ever worked with in radio. R.I.P.\par
    Monday at 3:42pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Paul Hernandez When I interned at 103.5 back in the day, I got yelled at for coming late lol.\par
    Monday at 3:43pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner (Top:) Uncle Mike Reineri and Henry Barrow do the show from the Control Room. (Bottom:) while his producer Roger Magolin sits in the main chair of the talk studio as Neil and Jorge wait for 10am.\par
    Adam Kirschner's photo.\par
    Monday at 3:55pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    James Kessel Was Harold the plant Guy Adam?\par
    Monday at 3:59pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Patrick Barthel the photo-shops make me giggle... love the bedtime stories!\par
    Monday at 3:59pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner plant guy? I dont remember a plant guy.\par
    Monday at 4:00pm \'b7 Like\par
    Lance Scott Chris Rollins?\par
    Monday at 4:07pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner ohh i thought you meant the guy who watered the plants in the building!! Ahahah yes. Chris Rollins. I have stories about THAT guy too! He'll be making a Bedtime Story soon. (Good guy)\par
    Monday at 4:08pm \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    James Kessel Harold was the plant Guy on winz!\par
    Monday at 4:09pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Scott Robertson Play some Jingos please!\par
    Monday at 9:20pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Sharon Mahony GREAT story!\par
    Monday at 11:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    James Kessel Harold the plant Guy called Neil and Jorge once to say hello and Neil hung up on Harold!\par
    Yesterday at 7:26am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    James Kessel The plant Guy before Harold got busted for growing marijuana and fired from winz\par
    Yesterday at 7:46am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    James Eric Schuyler About half the people I know in radio have said, "I could write a book," including me. Mr. Kirschner's gettin' it done!\par
    Yesterday at 8:55am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Austin Arnold I was better than you, I did everything you did, and drove a screw into the spare, of course I protested to much and showed them my handiwork...after I was fired! Great Story Adam!\par
    Yesterday at 9:27am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner It's true.. I am compiling all these stories for a book; even if it's just for a one run print that I can leave as a legacy. Perhaps, on a date in the future, we'll have a massive get together of the entire Neil Rogers Show group and I can sell them for 10 bucks a pop\par
    Yesterday at 9:29am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Austin Arnold Also, The Goodyear tracker tire belongs on the ground, not on the boards. You guys with your coffees and monsters are killing me! WE NEED MORE DE-OXIT!!!!\par
    Yesterday at 9:30am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Austin Arnold I never heard a lot of Mike Reineri, Maybe 1/2 hour before Neil, and I was just waking up, so I am sorry I missed Mike. I remember his sign off though. Sighhhhh....\par
    Yesterday at 9:35am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Y'all Hold What Y'al Got, Till Y'all Get What Y'all Want!\par
    Yesterday at 9:36am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Austin Arnold I really mean it, Dammit, thank you Adam. Your Stories bring a lot of people to life. And being a radio head, "the pictures are coming in fine!"\par
    Yesterday at 9:37am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Mike was an old school broadcaster.. ran his own board, enjoyed a cocktail or 3 every afternoon in order to fall asleep at 6pm so he could be up at 3 and make it to the station for a show at 6. Often he'd show up a little early, walk down the hall, and sleep in the jock lounge (basically an office with a table and 2 chairs and mailbox/cubby holes for the producers and air staff) for an extra 15 minutes. Mike's show was like sitting on the porch with your grandfather when you were little enough to be entertained by just his good nature and lighthearted stories. That was Mike's charm. He didnt cover really serious issues or topics in any kind of depth; ge just kinda glossed over them with a quick informative comment and an "audio wink" so you know he knew more about the subject and how he thought without really saying it on air.\par
    Yesterday at 9:42am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Hutchins Awesome!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 