{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner August 20 at 3:15pm\b0\par
Tuesday Midday Bedtime Story: Sandbagged, Barfbagged, Nichol-bagged\par
\par
Larry King was right when he said "The worst talk radio is on WIOD", but only if he was talking about morning drive on a fateful day in 1996.\par
\par
Everyone hates best-of tapes\'85 until a guest host fills in\'85 then they love them. SO I pitched Program Director Steve Nichol on doing a mix of both when Rick and Suds went on vacation one week. We'd play Best Of tapes, but before just launching into them, I'd come on, give a little background on the bit, or what the deal was, if needed, then play the segments. And if we got a call I'd take it on the air, maybe take a request, but largely, it was best of tapes.\par
\par
"I like it" said gravelly voiced, mustachio'd Nichol-bag. And that was the plan. "Only, don't tell Neil or Rick and Suds"\par
\par
Uhhh.. "Okay, but I already kinda told Rick and Suds what I was pitching\'85 you know\'85some best ofs with like me doing the background stuff, maybe take a request"\par
\par
"Yeah yeah, okay, but don't make a big deal out of it\'85It's just tapes\'85 don't get Neil and anyone all worked up" he grated with his over-charred vocal chords.\par
\par
And that was that.\par
\par
I prepared the tapes, 4 hours worth each day for a full week in preparation. That's 4 reel to reel tapes each day, one for each hour, times 5. Twenty total hours. All set for the following week.\par
\par
I was pretty calm about the whole thing. After all, it's not like I'd never been on the air\'85 Payphone challenges, discussions with Randi and Rick&Suds on a plethora of subjects and issues\'85 and frankly, anyone who sat in the control room, aside from Jorge, did their own show anyways with the callers. Jorge only asked you for the city you were calling from, and put you on hold. "Neil Rogers Show\'85 What City are you calling from?" and if he recognized your voice as a chronic, CLICK\'85 he hung up. Everyone else prepped their callers. Name, city, whatcha wanna talk about\'85 the idea was to get them focused on what they wanted to say so that when they got on the air, they could launch right into it\'85 at least that's the premise. Nothing worse than hearing that "FVVVVVT" noise as the host says "Kendal, Hello?" and the caller says "Uhhh... " before hanging up. It's also a good way to have them practice telling someone what they wanna say before doing it for the world to hear. Or, winding them up so crazy that by the time they get on air they're an absolute humorous mess. So we were all pretty decent at talking to strangers on the phone. Throw in that every one of us who at one time worked the overnight shift, had the pleasure of screwing with the Larry King Show by slipping in a drop of him laughing, often at an inappropriate time, just to get the timing of such things down. "Hello, ma'am\'85 Tell us about the tragedy of being one of Saddam Hussain's concubines\'85 Hah-hah, hah-hah. Uh-huh". But I digress\'85\par
\par
Friday after the show, after R&S leave after the show and for a full week's vacation, Nichol calls me into his office.\par
\par
"Listen\'85" he grunts\'85 "No tapes. You just do the show"\par
\par
If "LOL" had been a phrase then, I would have said it. "Wait, whut? Me?"\par
\par
"Yeah.. No tapes. The audience hates tapes. They know you. Yer funny. Just go in there and take calls and talk about stuff"\par
\par
"Uhh\'85 okay."\par
\par
He's the boss.. What was I gonna say? "Hey thanks, but I'm only 26 years old and I'm not even in the prime demo for this station and I have no business in morning drive on WIOD"? I know, I know..I should have.\par
\par
So that night, and the next, end even the next after that, I didn't sleep. And by the time Monday morning at 4am came around, I was a zombie. My head was spinning. I was chomping on tums and chugging Pepto Bismol out of cocktail glasses. I arrived at the station (I drove, even though I lived LITERALLY across the street) and started prepping while the producer Wayne and Laen from The Coast helped me prepare.\par
\par
And as the clock ticked down to 6:05am, I was dizzy, tired, exhausted and nauseous. And as the Rick and Suds Show open fades, I, in my infinite wisdom, open with Rage Against the Machine screaming as loud as humanly possible "WAAAAAAKKKKKEEEE UPPPPPPPPPP\'85..WAAAAAAKKKKKKEEEE UPPPPPPP"\par
\par
People slowly arising from their slumbers must have been jolted from their beds and were clutching the ceilings by fingers and toes like a scared cat. And I was yelling just as loud, with my high-pitched whiny voice\'85 talking 200 miles per hour from the 3 pots of coffee I'd had in the last 4 minutes. Nothing made sense. Calls came in from regular Rick and Suds callers to say "hi" and I just hung up on them in mid sentence while I chewed tums like Pez into the microphone. Sentences ran on and on and on in a singular breath for 7 minutes at a time while I vaulted over 23 different topics. Wayne and Laen kept yelling into my headphones to calm down\'85 and I'd just repeat whatever they said into the microphone. It was a disaster. At one point I retched into the garbage can while a caller asked me to play a bit. And the whole time\'85for 3 and a half hours\'85 I worried about one thing\'85.\par
\par
9:30am.\par
\par
When Neil would normally stroll in, and sit with Rick and Suds while he read the paper.\par
\par
And in walks Neil. And he puts the paper down. And he looks at me, with the mic in my hand, and my voice in the overhead speakers, and he sits down.\par
\par
I don\rquote t remember much after that. I remember Neil being very calm, pulling up a microphone, and asking me in that sing-songy way he often addressed me\'85 like I was a little kid.. "How's it GOIN Ahhhdam?"\par
\par
But that was about all he offered. I didn't expect much else. I knew it was a radio abortion\'85 I'm a pretty goddam bright individual with a high IQ.. So it wasn't a surprise when the shift finally ended, and Neil, who'd been silent during the past half hour got up to sit in his rightful place in the chair I'd been warming. And as the newscast was happening, as Neil was getting his carts and Cds ready, I told him the deal about the original pitch, and how Steve had asked me to just do the show. I couldn't even listen to Neil that day out of sheer embarrassment for myself\'85 but when I did, he was humorously yet kindly ripping me and ass\'85 but Steve Nichol even more for sandbagging me.\par
\par
Not surprisingly, later that day after I awoke from my regular afternoon nap I had a voice mail from Steve Nichol. It was 4 words.\par
\par
"Tomorrow, just play tapes"\par
Tuesday Midday Bedtime Story: Sandbagged, Barfbagged, Nichol-bagged Larry King was right when he said "The worst talk radio is on WIOD", but only if he was talking about morning drive on a fateful day in 1996. Everyone hates best-of tapes\'85 until a guest host fills in\'85 then they love them. SO I pitched Program Director Steve Nichol on doing a mix of both when Rick and Suds went on vacation one week. We'd play Best Of tapes, but before just launching into them, I'd come on, give a little background on the bit, or what the deal was, if needed, then play the segments. And if we got a call I'd take it on the air, maybe take a request, but largely, it was best of tapes. "I like it" said gravelly voiced, mustachio'd Nichol-bag. And that was the plan. "Only, don't tell Neil or Rick and Suds" Uhhh.. "Okay, but I already kinda told Rick and Suds what I was pitching\'85 you know\'85some best ofs with like me doing the background stuff, maybe take a request" "Yeah yeah, okay, but don't make a big deal out of it\'85It's just tapes\'85 don't get Neil and anyone all worked up" he grated with his over-charred vocal chords. And that was that. I prepared the tapes, 4 hours worth each day for a full week in preparation. That's 4 reel to reel tapes each day, one for each hour, times 5. Twenty total hours. All set for the following week. I was pretty calm about the whole thing. After all, it's not like I'd never been on the air\'85 Payphone challenges, discussions with Randi and Rick&Suds on a plethora of subjects and issues\'85 and frankly, anyone who sat in the control room, aside from Jorge, did their own show anyways with the callers. Jorge only asked you for the city you were calling from, and put you on hold. "Neil Rogers Show\'85 What City are you calling from?" and if he recognized your voice as a chronic, CLICK\'85 he hung up. Everyone else prepped their callers. Name, city, whatcha wanna talk about\'85 the idea was to get them focused on what they wanted to say so that when they got on the air, they could launch right into it\'85 at least that's the premise. Nothing worse than hearing that "FVVVVVT" noise as the host says "Kendal, Hello?" and the caller says "Uhhh... " before hanging up. It's also a good way to have them practice telling someone what they wanna say before doing it for the world to hear. Or, winding them up so crazy that by the time they get on air they're an absolute humorous mess. So we were all pretty decent at talking to strangers on the phone. Throw in that every one of us who at one time worked the overnight shift, had the pleasure of screwing with the Larry King Show by slipping in a drop of him laughing, often at an inappropriate time, just to get the timing of such things down. "Hello, ma'am\'85 Tell us about the tragedy of being one of Saddam Hussain's concubines\'85 Hah-hah, hah-hah. Uh-huh". But I digress\'85 Friday after the show, after R&S leave after the show and for a full week's vacation, Nichol calls me into his office. "Listen\'85" he grunts\'85 "No tapes. You just do the show" If "LOL" had been a phrase then, I would have said it. "Wait, whut? Me?" "Yeah.. No tapes. The audience hates tapes. They know you. Yer funny. Just go in there and take calls and talk about stuff" "Uhh\'85 okay." He's the boss.. What was I gonna say? "Hey thanks, but I'm only 26 years old and I'm not even in the prime demo for this station and I have no business in morning drive on WIOD"? I know, I know..I should have. So that night, and the next, end even the next after that, I didn't sleep. And by the time Monday morning at 4am came around, I was a zombie. My head was spinning. I was chomping on tums and chugging Pepto Bismol out of cocktail glasses. I arrived at the station (I drove, even though I lived LITERALLY across the street) and started prepping while the producer Wayne and Laen from The Coast helped me prepare. And as the clock ticked down to 6:05am, I was dizzy, tired, exhausted and nauseous. And as the Rick and Suds Show open fades, I, in my infinite wisdom, open with Rage Against the Machine screaming as loud as humanly possible "WAAAAAAKKKKKEEEE UPPPPPPPPPP\'85..WAAAAAAKKKKKKEEEE UPPPPPPP" People slowly arising from their slumbers must have been jolted from their beds and were clutching the ceilings by fingers and toes like a scared cat. And I was yelling just as loud, with my high-pitched whiny voice\'85 talking 200 miles per hour from the 3 pots of coffee I'd had in the last 4 minutes. Nothing made sense. Calls came in from regular Rick and Suds callers to say "hi" and I just hung up on them in mid sentence while I chewed tums like Pez into the microphone. Sentences ran on and on and on in a singular breath for 7 minutes at a time while I vaulted over 23 different topics. Wayne and Laen kept yelling into my headphones to calm down\'85 and I'd just repeat whatever they said into the microphone. It was a disaster. At one point I retched into the garbage can while a caller asked me to play a bit. And the whole time\'85for 3 and a half hours\'85 I worried about one thing\'85. 9:30am. When Neil would normally stroll in, and sit with Rick and Suds while he read the paper. And in walks Neil. And he puts the paper down. And he looks at me, with the mic in my hand, and my voice in the overhead speakers, and he sits down. I don\rquote t remember much after that. I remember Neil being very calm, pulling up a microphone, and asking me in that sing-songy way he often addressed me\'85 like I was a little kid.. "How's it GOIN Ahhhdam?" But that was about all he offered. I didn't expect much else. I knew it was a radio abortion\'85 I'm a pretty goddam bright individual with a high IQ.. So it wasn't a surprise when the shift finally ended, and Neil, who'd been silent during the past half hour got up to sit in his rightful place in the chair I'd been warming. And as the newscast was happening, as Neil was getting his carts and Cds ready, I told him the deal about the original pitch, and how Steve had asked me to just do the show. I couldn't even listen to Neil that day out of sheer embarrassment for myself\'85 but when I did, he was humorously yet kindly ripping me and ass\'85 but Steve Nichol even more for sandbagging me. Not surprisingly, later that day after I awoke from my regular afternoon nap I had a voice mail from Steve Nichol. It was 4 words. "Tomorrow, just play tapes"\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 August 20 at 3:15pm\par
\par
    Bruce Clifford, Fred Sowder, James Eric Schuyler and 11 others like this.\par
    Fred Sowder So...how's it goin', Adam? LOL!\par
    August 20 at 3:42pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner That day? not so good!\par
    August 20 at 3:45pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo Hah! Awesome!\par
    August 20 at 3:52pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo Remember when Steve Nichol-bag gave us saturday nights? The Jeff Guy Show? Kenny pretending to be a deaf talk show host?\par
    August 20 at 3:54pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner LMAO!!!\par
    August 20 at 3:54pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo Let the producers do shows on Saturday nights. I'm already paying them... Yeah. Worked out great!\par
    August 20 at 3:55pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias First of all, this is a great read, and I hope everyone takes the time to enjoy this. Second, what you might think was bad radio (because you were in the hotseat) was just the kind of chaos that everyone who loved WIOD enjoyed listening to, so I guarantee you entertained A LOT of people that morning. What made the station so much fun was that something crazy like that could go on in the morning, then Neil could talk about it midday, and so on from there. If Neil ripped you for it at all, it's because it was of interest to him, and he knew his audience would find it interesting too... Otherwise he wouldn't have bothered. This is exactly the kind of thing that is missing from radio today.\par
    August 20 at 3:57pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner That's very kind of you to say, but I'm sure the hosts, guests, sales holes, sponsors and my mother called Nichol to complain. It was THAT bad.\par
    August 20 at 3:58pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Well then look at it this way, if that was your worst moment in the industry it was still a helll of a lot better than the finest moments of about 90% of the people who ended up getting full-time gigs on the station in its dying days.\par
    August 20 at 4:01pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Mark Hoffmann Totally remember that day, you may not have been the greatest. If you're taking requests, the day Bud Paxon came in on the helicopter (and the roach that was pinned on the bulletin board) , or my personal favorite, the day you and the Swollen Colon were going back and forth.\par
    August 20 at 4:01pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Mark Hoffmann.. Swollen Colon? Not sure I remember that.. remind me, or... perhaps you should tell it then!\par
    August 20 at 4:02pm \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Hoffmann Johnny Dolan....you're rollin' with swollen' colon!\par
    August 20 at 4:04pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner OHHHH that's a GOOD one.. I HATE that guy! I will.. I will write that one soon! Great idea, Mark Hoffmann\par
    August 20 at 4:04pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Mark Hoffmann Looking forward to it.\par
    August 20 at 4:06pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo The "shotgun"\par
    August 20 at 4:07pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Fred Sowder Colon's claim to fame: "I took a leak next to Neil Rogers!"\par
    August 20 at 4:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Alan McCoach "Tomorrow, just play tapes"\par
    August 20 at 5:18pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Allen Smith Do you have a copy of the show? We can get it up on the YouTube channel.\par
    August 20 at 5:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Noooooo. I believe it was burned\par
    August 20 at 5:52pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Alan McCoach Adam, you know now that someone is gonna dig up that tape. Maybe even Alfred Rogers!\par
    August 20 at 5:54pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner My guess is he definitely would have that tape .... He probably called 48 times and got hung up on 49\par
    August 20 at 6:01pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scott Robertson Pardon my lack of memories as to the details, but I remember you filling in one time and for some reason you had the operator on the air. She was talking to you when you asked her to connect you with whoever - and she broadcast the Bat-line number. Sound familiar?\par
    August 20 at 8:33pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Hmmmmm.. me? The only other time I sat in that chair was one Christmas eve with Marvin... who else would work that night? There were fewer people listening!\par
    August 20 at 8:38pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Scott Robertson It was morning drive filling in for R&S. I know because I was driving on the Palmetto and was desperately searching for something to write it down!\par
    August 20 at 8:41pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scott Robertson Maybe it was Chris Baker?\par
    August 20 at 8:45pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I don't think Chris did mornings..\par
    August 20 at 8:48pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Scott Robertson As I think about it, it might have been the time Suds did the show solo. "Great show Suds!"\par
    August 20 at 8:56pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Great show Suds!\par
    August 20 at 8:58pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Robert Goldman Adam it was just great radio .\par
    August 20 at 11:04pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Fred Sowder I just did a phoner with the BBC hopped up on French press coffee so I had a SLIGHT idea of what you were feeling that morning, Adam.\par
    Yesterday at 10:40am \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley "dizzy, tired, exhausted and nauseous"? That was how I PREPPED! But YOU did the show??? I QUIT!!!\par
    Yesterday at 10:55am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner I dont think anyone would claim I "did the show", although many would argue I nearly "did the show in"\par
    Yesterday at 11:37am \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley You just started. Clear Channel came and finished it off!!!\par
    Yesterday at 11:44am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner Paxon did that. CC just turned off the EKG.\par
    Yesterday at 11:53am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley I stand corrected!\par
    Yesterday at 11:55am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Suds Coleman Actually, I think they wanted to play the tapes even when we were there.\par
    19 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 6\par
    Adam Kirschner Great show, Suds\par
    13 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Steven Arrow Back at ya.\par
    12 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Steven Arrow I mean Buttloads.\par
    12 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Bill Smalbein Neil, Rick, & Suds. We loved them buttloads.\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 