{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner  July 26 at 1:16pm\b0\par
Friday Midday Story: Chronic Review - "The Amazing Giwbewt" - Waaahahaha\par
\par
Part Rainman, Part Jim Ignatowski, Part "Who Knows What." And I knew him better than most.\par
\par
So this one is gonna be a long bedtime story. Sorry.\par
\par
(NOTE: I will speak of him in past tense because I havent seen nor spoken to him in well over a decade...not because I know he died or anything)\par
\par
Ok. Let's get this out of the way first. Gilbert had been a long time chronic even before I got there. He's been around since the invention of the pencil. And he was a part of Neil's show long before I got to WIOD. He was a guest, and a regular caller and chronic. Somewhere along the line, either because Neil grew tired of him, or Jorge or some other producer grew tired of him, or Neil told Jorge to stop putting him on the air cuz he calls every day, or the PD said no more, or whatever, he was banned. Because Jorge was the first line of defense, and knowing Jorge as I did, my guess was that at first, Jorge (or for that matter, whomever was the producer before him) nicely told him thanks and goodbye. But my guess is Gilbert would continue to call multiple times a day, over and over to talk to Neil, and they grew fed up with him, and just started hanging up when he called.\par
\par
By the time I got there, Jorge had a pretty detailed distaste for Gilbert because he was such a pain in the ass, and for the kind of show neil was doing by then, didnt really fit in...and because Jorge just kept hanging up on him as soon as he heard his voice, or because Jorge told him to "stop calling, dont ever call again", Gilbert had this deep hatred of Jorge. At some point I think Gilbert even tried to call the PD and get Jorge fired. But this is stuff Jorge would have to answer.\par
\par
So ok, then I arrive at WIOD, and work promotions. And Gilbert is always there.. ALWAYS. So at every live appearance, you could count on 5 things: Neil, The Guy with the Eyes, The Fanny Pack Guy, Al Rogers, and Gilbert.\par
\par
I thought Gilbert was funny, weird, a kook. But not in any way as frightening as the other chronics. He was simply, just Gilbert.\par
\par
He listened non-stop to talk radio... ALL of it. And could recite things said 30 years ago from stations that didnt exist anymore by people who died 28 years ago. It didnt matter that you never heard of them or that he'd lived in NY when he'd listened.. he would talk to you like you knew them. "Hey, wemembew when Fwed said dat? Wemembew?" Uh, no?\par
\par
By the time I started doing producing, especially after joining Rick and Suds, I had to frequently call Gilbert at home on the phone. Rick and Suds would come up with some idea they wanted to have Gilbert in on, and I'd have to make contact. And occasionally, I'd have to leave a number to have him call me back. So Gilbert had my phone number. Sometimes it led to great stories for on the air, and great bits of info to use for future bits, but often it lead to both insane hilarity at home, or insane headaches, or insane tedium.\par
\par
RING! "Hey adam, it's Giwbewt. Wanna pawty?"\par
- Sorry Gilbert, I have some friends over right now (click speakerphone on for all to hear)\par
"Oh yeaw? Got any giwls over thewe?"\par
- Yeah dude.. we're partying, drinking beers, having fun\par
"O I wike giwls and beew. I wike to pawty"\par
\par
or -\par
RING! "I dont wike that Gowge. He's awwayz hanging up on me. I dont know what I did, but he he shood be fiyewed. I'm gonna call Boy Gawy"\par
\par
or-\par
\par
RING! "Hey wemembew when Bob Grant was tawking abouwt taxi dwivews"\par
\par
uh, no.\par
\par
He was a HUGE Miami Dolphins and Miami Hurricanes fan. HUGE. Didnt matter if they'd lost by 200.. he was always cheering for them, and always considered the next game to be potentially their gweatest win ever.\par
\par
He drove a car (something even Al Rogers didnt do). He'd worked in a pencil factory (something The Guy With The Eyes never learned to use). He dressed in Tshirts and sansabelt pants (which was still better fashion sense than the Fanny Pack Guy).\par
\par
I dont have any really great stories about Gilbert other than the ones I've previously shared here, or youve heard on the best of clips I've posted here before. Happy to re-share them again here for anyone interested.\par
\par
This is what I remember him looking like:\par
Friday Midday Story: Chronic Review - "The Amazing Giwbewt" - Waaahahaha Part Rainman, Part Jim Ignatowski, Part "Who Knows What." And I knew him better than most. So this one is gonna be a long bedtime story. Sorry. (NOTE: I will speak of him in past tense because I havent seen nor spoken to him in well over a decade...not because I know he died or anything) Ok. Let's get this out of the way first. Gilbert had been a long time chronic even before I got there. He's been around since the invention of the pencil. And he was a part of Neil's show long before I got to WIOD. He was a guest, and a regular caller and chronic. Somewhere along the line, either because Neil grew tired of him, or Jorge or some other producer grew tired of him, or Neil told Jorge to stop putting him on the air cuz he calls every day, or the PD said no more, or whatever, he was banned. Because Jorge was the first line of defense, and knowing Jorge as I did, my guess was that at first, Jorge (or for that matter, whomever was the producer before him) nicely told him thanks and goodbye. But my guess is Gilbert would continue to call multiple times a day, over and over to talk to Neil, and they grew fed up with him, and just started hanging up when he called. By the time I got there, Jorge had a pretty detailed distaste for Gilbert because he was such a pain in the ass, and for the kind of show neil was doing by then, didnt really fit in...and because Jorge just kept hanging up on him as soon as he heard his voice, or because Jorge told him to "stop calling, dont ever call again", Gilbert had this deep hatred of Jorge. At some point I think Gilbert even tried to call the PD and get Jorge fired. But this is stuff Jorge would have to answer. So ok, then I arrive at WIOD, and work promotions. And Gilbert is always there.. ALWAYS. So at every live appearance, you could count on 5 things: Neil, The Guy with the Eyes, The Fanny Pack Guy, Al Rogers, and Gilbert. I thought Gilbert was funny, weird, a kook. But not in any way as frightening as the other chronics. He was simply, just Gilbert. He listened non-stop to talk radio... ALL of it. And could recite things said 30 years ago from stations that didnt exist anymore by people who died 28 years ago. It didnt matter that you never heard of them or that he'd lived in NY when he'd listened.. he would talk to you like you knew them. "Hey, wemembew when Fwed said dat? Wemembew?" Uh, no? By the time I started doing producing, especially after joining Rick and Suds, I had to frequently call Gilbert at home on the phone. Rick and Suds would come up with some idea they wanted to have Gilbert in on, and I'd have to make contact. And occasionally, I'd have to leave a number to have him call me back. So Gilbert had my phone number. Sometimes it led to great stories for on the air, and great bits of info to use for future bits, but often it lead to both insane hilarity at home, or insane headaches, or insane tedium. RING! "Hey adam, it's Giwbewt. Wanna pawty?" - Sorry Gilbert, I have some friends over right now (click speakerphone on for all to hear) "Oh yeaw? Got any giwls over thewe?" - Yeah dude.. we're partying, drinking beers, having fun "O I wike giwls and beew. I wike to pawty" or - RING! "I dont wike that Gowge. He's awwayz hanging up on me. I dont know what I did, but he he shood be fiyewed. I'm gonna call Boy Gawy" or- RING! "Hey wemembew when Bob Grant was tawking abouwt taxi dwivews" uh, no. He was a HUGE Miami Dolphins and Miami Hurricanes fan. HUGE. Didnt matter if they'd lost by 200.. he was always cheering for them, and always considered the next game to be potentially their gweatest win ever. He drove a car (something even Al Rogers didnt do). He'd worked in a pencil factory (something The Guy With The Eyes never learned to use). He dressed in Tshirts and sansabelt pants (which was still better fashion sense than the Fanny Pack Guy). I dont have any really great stories about Gilbert other than the ones I've previously shared here, or youve heard on the best of clips I've posted here before. Happy to re-share them again here for anyone interested. This is what I remember him looking like:\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 5 hours ago\par
\par
    Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, John Pearson and 5 others like this.\par
    Barry Rose A personal Gilbert highlight for me was hearing him sing "Take me out to the ball game" over and over. Iirc, I think Neil banned him from the show because Gilbert was way over exposed and iirc, his appearance on The Alex Bennett show may have been the catalyst for the banning.\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Paul Hernandez I love these stories!\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo I'll never forget passing the phone back and forth between you me and Jason in your apartment as Gwibert just talked and talked and talked\par
    5 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner SEE? Ray remembers!\par
    5 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Peter Leonard Adam...we sent a HOOKER to his house when I worked at WSHE....THAT was a frickin' RIOT....\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Allen Smith Go to 1:44.\par
\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/8woIFc3dSOs?t=1m44s }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/8woIFc3dSOs?t=1m44s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Dolphins fans react to the "Fire Ireland" banner\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Fireland\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Allen Smith Here is a 2007 show where Jorge Rodriguez reads a letter by Gilbert. Discusses the history of Gilbert on the show. Skip to 2:27:00.\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/UgRZjC8GlWQ?t=2h27m27s }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/UgRZjC8GlWQ?t=2h27m27s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Neil Rogers Show (February 23, 2007)\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Jorge takes over the last hour and reads a letter from Gilbert. --- Visit http:/...\par
    See More\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Pearson Peter you need to elaborate on the hooker story.\par
    4 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner This was 10 years after I dealt with gilbert.\par
    3 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Norman Tavian This is Bubbles from the Canadien show Trailer park boys\par
    about an hour ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Scooter Livingston Bubbles looks better than and is more intelligent than Gilbert\par
    11 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner yes this pictures is several combined to recreate his likeness\par
Scooter Livingston I've mentioned two Gilbert stories before so for the benefit of those new to the group, I will include them in this post.\par
\par
I first saw Gilbert in the flesh at the WNWS Funeral in November '90. Looked like he sounded and I kind of kept my distance. Next time I encountered him was when Neil was at Swap Shop in April '91. Neil had Gilbert go into the audience with a mike. I was sitting next to these two old fart condo commandos who were openly displeased with Neil and let him know. Neil sent Gilbert over to them with the mike and the look of disgust on their faces as Gilbert got near was priceless. I think they were nauseated by Gilbert.\par
\par
I had my personal encounter with him at a Miracle game later that year. I don't remember HOW but somehow he latched on to my now-wife and I. He was following us and he sat with us during the game. He asks me if me and my fiancee want to go "pawty" with him. Yeah right...I told him we had plans and we were bust. Amazingly he didn't persist but I shudder to think what his definition of "pawty" was; I certainly did NOT want to find out and neither did my fiancee.\par
\par
Several months after that, I'm out in San Diego for Grad school. I'm out with some classmates for a few post-night class seminar drinks. I had the local sports staion on. They were carrying a syndicated sports show that was also carried by WQAM as well. "...and now here's Gilbert from Miami..." I let out a scream and hit the steering wheel with my head. I'm asked why. I just tell them to listen to that caller. I then have to explain to them who and WHAT Gilbert is. Even out in San Diego I couldn't escape him.\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 