{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner July 26 at 9:58pm\par
\b0\par
In 1992, the Marketing Director of WIOD, my boss when I was an intern and when I was in the Promotions Department (Kurt Steier aka "Evil Twin") got corporate approval for a HUGE WIOD Blimp. It was gigantic as far as radio station props go; the size of a public bus, had an internal light, and took TWO FULL giant helium tanks to inflate it each time. Back then it cost about $5 Grand... which was a TON of money to spend on anything besides your employees (myself not included of course) or station vehicles.\par
\par
It was his pride and joy, and nobody was allowed to use it for just any-ole event. It's inaugural event was for Dolphins Draft Day Party in April of that year. He and I and I think one other person ( Halcyon Salazar probably) spent hours setting up for the event inside and outside.. While it inflated it took out line like a marlin... 100 yards, 200...300.. and got tied down by it's linguini thick nylon tether. The winds and storm clouds came in, so within about 3 hours, we reeled that sucker in like we were in a Hemingway novel. We folder it up, putting each piece we'd just removed from individual boxes back where it belonged, and packed it all up. It wasn't used again until June, for the 1992 Miami Regatta Speed Boat Races on Biscayne Bay, sponsored by 610WIOD.\par
\par
It was a spectacular June Day.. no breeze, very warm, not a cloud in the sky. And because this was a big station event we were the media partner of, Kurt had promised them, and decided for us, that we'd fly our airship out there.\par
\par
Normally, one one person from promotions showed up at station event. We drove the vehicle, set up the prizes and game, handed out stuff, dressed up the table pretty with station stickers and pamphlets and other crappola. And I was that guy. It was such an awesome day, that I decided to invite out new part-time news guy who lived down the street from the station to join me.. "Come hang out dude.. I never been to a speed boat race.. it's supposed to be packed, and it's an awesome day. We'll set up this stuff, hang for a while, party, and go see the races.. whattaya say?"\par
\par
Dan Stewart, the newsguy was all in. "Sure man. Sounds like a good way to kill a Saturday as any other I can think of. Let's roll".\par
\par
So he helps (mostly watches) me load up the big van with stuff, grab our passes and credentials, and we're off.\par
\par
We arrive, and I'm large and in charge. I'm telling him to do this and do that, and he's cool about it, cuz I got him something to do today, for free, and all he's gotta do is help out. So we set up the tent, and the table, and all the other junk, and we break out the blimp. Lovingly. Delicately. "Gotta be REALLL cool, Dan. This is the Boss's baby. Costs a fortune. On and on. And we put the goddam thing together, and add the two tanks of helium, and let that fucker fly.....\par
\par
One thing that came with the blimp was the ground stake, which at Joe Robbie Stadium (That's right... it was and will always STILL be goddam JRS to me) was easily pounded into the ground with a sledgehammer. But here, we were on asphalt. No dice with that. So we have to tie it.\par
\par
Even though it's up like 300 yards, there's still another 30 feet worth of line on the spool, so we got PLENTY of room. Too much even, but I'm not taking any chanced. I climb on top of our rolling radio vehicle, and wrap and tie the line around the roof rail like 9 times, and toss it down to Dan to tie off the spool around the eyehook near the bumper. There. Done. We were the SHIT. People came around just following the blimp down to us and for 2 hours we clowned around with the crowd, introducing each other to people who wander over to the table as News Man Chuck Meyer, or Defo, or Sonny Hirsch or Mike Disney.\par
\par
The 2 hours ends, and whattaya know... we find out our press passes get us into the beer garden.\par
\par
Anyone of you guys familiar with Hunter Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas? I dont mean that crappy Johnny Depp movie.. I mean actually READ it? Yeah, well, I'm Thompson, and Dan is his attorney.\par
\par
Dan: "Beer garden? FUCK YEAH! We should go"\par
Me: "I hear Pauly Shore is here partying with the Hooters Girls"\par
Dan: "As your attorney I advise you that we should go drink massive amounts of beer with Pauly Shore and the Hooters Girls"\par
Me: "I will heed your advice, my good man. Let's go"\par
\par
And off we go. And we're hangin with Pauly and tapping that keg like it was air and we were trapped underwater. And the Hooters girls are everywhere. And some girl taps me on the shoulder and says "You balloon is gone"\par
\par
"Yea ok. Thanks for that" and I give Dan a like "What the fuck is this drunken moron talking about?" and go back to talking with Dan, and Pauly and like 6 girls who are just mesmerized by Pauly as if he was the Dali Lama. Then it hits me. OHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCKKKKK and RUN to the van.\par
\par
Off in the distance of a perfectly clear sky, off to the south i see this:\par
\par
.\par
\par
That about the size of it. Headed to Cuba. What the hell could I possibly do? Nothing at all. The rope was gone too... every inch. So I'm pretty sure it wasnt cut.. they would have had to cut it in just the right place to have it unravel all the way around what we'd tied it to.. I think what actually happened is that when I asked Dan to tie it around the eyehook, he tied it in a knot around it, not through it. And it slipped, and the pull of the wind on the blimp eventually after 2 plus hours, pulled enough until unwound all the loops and crosses around the vehicle and eventually lifted off with its umbilical.\par
\par
We packed up and left. I was crushed. And scared for my job. and I didnt even tell anyone for a while that Dan was there. It was my responsibility, so I was gonna take the fall for it. I called my boss and told him the awful news. He said we'd talk Monday. When I got there, I surprisingly didnt get fired (I'd left off the Pauly Shore part of the story as well as Dan's attendance) and got called in to Rick and Suds to tell the story on the air. When they asked me what did I think when I got back to the van and saw it gone, I said.. "Where's my blimp!" They thought that way a riot... and although it was super embarrassing and scary because i was still employed by god-knows-how, having them joke about it on the air, and then have Marvin recode me saying that phrase a few different ways made me feel better about the incident.\par
\par
For weeks afterward, we'd get calls from people claiming to have seen the blimp, or found it in their yard, or read that it's been shot down over Cuba or whatever.\par
\par
I still think about what happened to that thing.. but the one moral I take from the story is this:\par
In 1992, the Marketing Director of WIOD, my boss when I was an intern and when I was in the Promotions Department (Kurt Steier aka "Evil Twin") got corporate approval for a HUGE WIOD Blimp. It was gigantic as far as radio station props go; the size of a public bus, had an internal light, and took TWO FULL giant helium tanks to inflate it each time. Back then it cost about $5 Grand... which was a TON of money to spend on anything besides your employees (myself not included of course) or station vehicles. It was his pride and joy, and nobody was allowed to use it for just any-ole event. It's inaugural event was for Dolphins Draft Day Party in April of that year. He and I and I think one other person ( @[728571252:2048:Halcyon Salazar] probably) spent hours setting up for the event inside and outside.. While it inflated it took out line like a marlin... 100 yards, 200...300.. and got tied down by it's linguini thick nylon tether. The winds and storm clouds came in, so within about 3 hours, we reeled that sucker in like we were in a Hemingway novel. We folder it up, putting each piece we'd just removed from individual boxes back where it belonged, and packed it all up. It wasn't used again until June, for the 1992 Miami Regatta Speed Boat Races on Biscayne Bay, sponsored by 610WIOD. It was a spectacular June Day.. no breeze, very warm, not a cloud in the sky. And because this was a big station event we were the media partner of, Kurt had promised them, and decided for us, that we'd fly our airship out there. Normally, one one person from promotions showed up at station event. We drove the vehicle, set up the prizes and game, handed out stuff, dressed up the table pretty with station stickers and pamphlets and other crappola. And I was that guy. It was such an awesome day, that I decided to invite out new part-time news guy who lived down the street from the station to join me.. "Come hang out dude.. I never been to a speed boat race.. it's supposed to be packed, and it's an awesome day. We'll set up this stuff, hang for a while, party, and go see the races.. whattaya say?" Dan Stewart, the newsguy was all in. "Sure man. Sounds like a good way to kill a Saturday as any other I can think of. Let's roll". So he helps (mostly watches) me load up the big van with stuff, grab our passes and credentials, and we're off. We arrive, and I'm large and in charge. I'm telling him to do this and do that, and he's cool about it, cuz I got him something to do today, for free, and all he's gotta do is help out. So we set up the tent, and the table, and all the other junk, and we break out the blimp. Lovingly. Delicately. "Gotta be REALLL cool, Dan. This is the Boss's baby. Costs a fortune. On and on. And we put the goddam thing together, and add the two tanks of helium, and let that fucker fly..... One thing that came with the blimp was the ground stake, which at Joe Robbie Stadium (That's right... it was and will always STILL be goddam JRS to me) was easily pounded into the ground with a sledgehammer. But here, we were on asphalt. No dice with that. So we have to tie it. Even though it's up like 300 yards, there's still another 30 feet worth of line on the spool, so we got PLENTY of room. Too much even, but I'm not taking any chanced. I climb on top of our rolling radio vehicle, and wrap and tie the line around the roof rail like 9 times, and toss it down to Dan to tie off the spool around the eyehook near the bumper. There. Done. We were the SHIT. People came around just following the blimp down to us and for 2 hours we clowned around with the crowd, introducing each other to people who wander over to the table as News Man Chuck Meyer, or Defo, or Sonny Hirsch or Mike Disney. The 2 hours ends, and whattaya know... we find out our press passes get us into the beer garden. Anyone of you guys familiar with Hunter Thompson's Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas? I dont mean that crappy Johnny Depp movie.. I mean actually READ it? Yeah, well, I'm Thompson, and Dan is his attorney. Dan: "Beer garden? FUCK YEAH! We should go" Me: "I hear Pauly Shore is here partying with the Hooters Girls" Dan: "As your attorney I advise you that we should go drink massive amounts of beer with Pauly Shore and the Hooters Girls" Me: "I will heed your advice, my good man. Let's go" And off we go. And we're hangin with Pauly and tapping that keg like it was air and we were trapped underwater. And the Hooters girls are everywhere. And some girl taps me on the shoulder and says "You balloon is gone" "Yea ok. Thanks for that" and I give Dan a like "What the fuck is this drunken moron talking about?" and go back to talking with Dan, and Pauly and like 6 girls who are just mesmerized by Pauly as if he was the Dali Lama. Then it hits me. OHHHHHHHH FUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCKKKKK and RUN to the van. Off in the distance of a perfectly clear sky, off to the south i see this: . That about the size of it. Headed to Cuba. What the hell could I possibly do? Nothing at all. The rope was gone too... every inch. So I'm pretty sure it wasnt cut.. they would have had to cut it in just the right place to have it unravel all the way around what we'd tied it to.. I think what actually happened is that when I asked Dan to tie it around the eyehook, he tied it in a knot around it, not through it. And it slipped, and the pull of the wind on the blimp eventually after 2 plus hours, pulled enough until unwound all the loops and crosses around the vehicle and eventually lifted off with its umbilical. We packed up and left. I was crushed. And scared for my job. and I didnt even tell anyone for a while that Dan was there. It was my responsibility, so I was gonna take the fall for it. I called my boss and told him the awful news. He said we'd talk Monday. When I got there, I surprisingly didnt get fired (I'd left off the Pauly Shore part of the story as well as Dan's attendance) and got called in to Rick and Suds to tell the story on the air. When they asked me what did I think when I got back to the van and saw it gone, I said.. "Where's my blimp!" They thought that way a riot... and although it was super embarrassing and scary because i was still employed by god-knows-how, having them joke about it on the air, and then have Marvin recode me saying that phrase a few different ways made me feel better about the incident. For weeks afterward, we'd get calls from people claiming to have seen the blimp, or found it in their yard, or read that it's been shot down over Cuba or whatever. I still think about what happened to that thing.. but the one moral I take from the story is this:\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 Friday at 9:58pm\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, John Pearson and 19 others like this.\par
    51 of 71\par
    View previous comments\par
    Barry Rose Is there a recording of the show where you talked about this?\par
    Yesterday at 10:05am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Probably not, no. I doubt there's much more of any Rick and Suds audio that I haven't already posted. When Jorge recorded all the dcs stuff for Neils departure I dont think he took any r&s stuff so even the cart of me saying it different ways is probably long gone. If anyone's for any... I want it!\par
    Yesterday at 10:09am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Ya know I still have a few best of Rick and Suds Payphone Challenge videos.. anyone have a way to digitize those? A few of the ones on there are probably worth the effort..\par
    Yesterday at 10:11am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Maybe I'll write my next bedtime story about Dan Stewart... what a character!\par
    Yesterday at 10:26am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Just like we've uncovered thousands of hours of Neil audio, I bet someone...somewhere...has a secret cache of R & S audio.\par
    Yesterday at 10:29am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Would live to get that video digitized.. also great audio on that\par
    Yesterday at 10:30am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Allen Smith What format is the video? VHS?\par
    Yesterday at 10:32am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Allen Smith And how many hours do you estimate?\par
    Yesterday at 10:33am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Vhs. Total runtime might be an hour?\par
    Yesterday at 10:38am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Wouldn't want it all.. maybe just 3 or 4 eight minute segments\par
    Yesterday at 10:39am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Allen Smith Looks like there are services that will convert a tape to digital for under $20. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://southtree.com/video-to-dvd?gclid=CPTzq-X3z7gCFchxQgodAiMAhw }}{\fldrslt{http://southtree.com/video-to-dvd?gclid=CPTzq-X3z7gCFchxQgodAiMAhw\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Video to DVD Service | Southtree\par
    southtree.com\par
    Southtree Video to DVD Service - We can convert any videotape format you\rquote ve got ...See More\par
    Yesterday at 11:01am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley First of all Adam, having Dan Stewart involved in the anchoring process of the blimp, was the equivalent to tying it to a Dixie Cup. I loved Dan, but he himself, wasn't bolted down right. Everything he did was... well, here's an example. I remember when he bought an old Camaro. He came in one day and said he'd redone the interior. Well I'm a car guy, so I'm imagining a custom job... if not leather, at least some high quality upholstery with some inserts and such. He takes me out to show me, and he'd done it in WALLPAPER. I almost fell over. PAISLEY wallpaper! With wallpaper glue holding it to the doors and dash! Wallpaper glue that was not supposed to bend because walls don't bend. So wherever there was a curve, and there were lots of them, the wallpaper had lifted. It was already stiff and cracking and he had just done it that weekend! And once he realized what was happening, he couldn't take it off because it was, well, wallpaper glue.\par
\par
    I loved Dan and thought he was a very funny guy. I used to love talking to him on the air because we'd get into some hysterical conversations, especially about the interior of his car. However it would always begin off the air by him coming into the studio and saying, "I'm not supposed to be in here. They don't want me talking to you." and of course that was my cue to put him on the air. Anytime I heard, 'they don't want you to...', I kind of figured that there must be a good reason, so I usually ended up doing it to find out why. I guess they didn't want Dan talking to me because they wanted credibility to their newscasts. The more we talked on air about his life off air, I guess they felt that credibility was going the way of the blimp.\par
\par
    I was sorry to hear Dan passed. A very strange and offbeat guy that I thoroughly enjoyed. But having him help you with the blimp, well, you got what you asked for.\par
    Yesterday at 11:03am \'b7 Like \'b7 9\par
    Rick Riley And to you Kurt Steier, good to see you. It was Kurt that was promotion director during that time and who had the blimp. Just to take some of the heat off Adam, the only time they (the IOD suits, with Kurt leading the pack) really got angry at me was when some guys came down to the studio with a Spud Gun. I'd never seen one before so we took it out to the parking lot to test it out. That baby fired potatoes out of a three inch diameter tube at the speed of light. I told them to point it at the WIOD promotions trailer. I didn't realize that it would make boulder sized dents in the side. I think they stopped after about five, but I heard the next day that nobody thought my idea was a very good one.\par
    Yesterday at 11:12am \'b7 Like \'b7 6\par
    Adam Kirschner Rick, I have pictures from the potato gun incident and will post!!!\par
    Yesterday at 11:15am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Scooter Livingston Car.Wallpaper. Wallpaper glue. Rick..I am having a hard time trying to imagine that in my head but at the same time I can somehow see how somebody would do it.\par
    Yesterday at 11:17am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Also, Rick Riley don't forget he followed up the car interior makeover with an exterior paint job.. white house paint, applied with a BRUSH! You could see the broken bristles stuck in the paint grooves!\par
    Yesterday at 11:17am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley I'd forgotten about that. I think he was living in his car at the time, so maybe he was fixing it up like a house.\par
    Yesterday at 11:20am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner For a while he lived in this total dump in north bay village down the street back behind the Harbor Island Spa or whatever that place was.. one of those built and decorated and cleaned during the deco days. FYI.. Dan's house is where all the board ops went to drink their gallon of tea before the pee drug tests... or so I've been told...\par
    Yesterday at 11:41am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose I worked at the Harbor Island Spa when Hurricane Andrew hit, which suffered such damage that it closed down forever. I'd drive by WIOD everyday looking for Neil's Corvette.\par
    Yesterday at 11:52am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner He parked it in his dedicated spot out back.\par
    Yesterday at 11:54am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Which would explain why I never saw it in the lot. I did see Neil a few times driving down 79th Street, though.\par
    Yesterday at 11:55am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Quickly, with the windows up, u imagine. We all did.\par
    Yesterday at 12:13pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Lol. Exactly. Occasionally, I'd risk life and limb for a Flora's stop.\par
    Yesterday at 12:18pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Man is Floras still there?\par
    Yesterday at 12:19pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose It's been years since I was there, but I think they changed the name to East Side Pizza. First place I ever had a sub sandwich that was heated up in the oven.\par
    Yesterday at 12:22pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Gary Bruce I thought that story was completely made up. Now that I know better "you're all fired". Boy Gary\par
    Yesterday at 12:32pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner Wow! Kurt AND Gary!!\par
    Yesterday at 12:40pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Gary, you thought THAT was the story I'd make up?? To do what? Sell the blimp for parts? 100% true\par
    Yesterday at 12:42pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI for all you Neilies.. I don't speak for Neil or Jorge or Rick or Suds or anyone but myself... but as much as a beating as Gary Bruce and Kurt Steier took in the air from everyone, I can't think of a better example of "be careful what you wish for". My opinion, and I'd guess for some of the other folks working there, that Gary and Kurt were mild by comparison to some of the folks that followed. Harry Valentine and Walter Sabo were Hitler and Mengela compared to Boy Gary and the Evil Twin. I owe a LOT to each of them... Kurt gave me an internship and then a job at the best radio station in the country without even a class in marketing or radio. And Gary gave me my first full time job (albeit for 18k per year!) and the single best career advice I've ever gotten. When he offered me the job as Randi's producer, I balked and declined. When he asked why I told him it was because I wasn't a fan of the show at all. He told me these words: "I'm not paying you to be a fan; I'm paying you to do a job. You're there to produce a show to the best of your ability. Be a fan of Neil. Be a fan of Rick and Suds. Hell.. be a fan of Rush Limbaugh if you want. But if you're not a fan, and they offered you a good job being his producer, you should take it. Its just a job, its not your hobby".\par
    Yesterday at 1:04pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Scooter Livingston I would've fit in perfectly there! Were Sabo and Valentine Buddy-Bud hires?\par
    23 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Hmmm. Good question. Yes, I believe so.. but I'm not 100% sure... I think when Clear Channel bought us they fired those 2 clowns.\par
    23 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Srebro Be careful what you wish for, indeed. Or, as Neil so often said, "Consider the alternative." My guess is that while Neil was suffering under Jolly Joe those last few years, that his memories of Gary Bruce grew fonder by the day.\par
    23 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Halcyon Salazar I completely agree with Adam about Kurt Steier and Gary Bruce. Kurt also accepted me as a promotions intern while I was at FIU. Then they both gave me my first full-time position...starting an amazing media career. They were fantastic Managers to work for...\par
    17 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Steven Spierer Adam Kirschner - I'll never forget hearing you call in to Rick & Suds the next day and proclaim, "I'm off the hook for the blimp!" :0)\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Oh the day after the Big Gulp-Board Spill? Absolutely!!! I lost a blimp... you knocked a radio station off the air and forced the entire air staff to travel!\par
    16 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner One of us Steven Spierer is going to have to tell that story in here....\par
    16 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Steven Spierer And didn't get fired. LOL\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Steven Spierer Although not being fired was the worst punishment. The abuse I took... I wished they had fired me!\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo He got promoted, you SOB!!!\par
    16 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker The blimp only cost $5,000, how much did they spend on the jet copter? Wonder how that worked out?\par
    15 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Jet copter? What jet copter?\par
    15 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker WIOD bought one in 1987, I think.\par
    15 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Avi Dubitzky wrote about it in his newsletter. See page 2 http://neilrogers.org/pdf/11-Crankers-Courier-Vol-11.pdf\par
    15 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley I wanted to take a moment to add, that out of my 29 years in radio, Gary Bruce was the best Program Director I ever worked with. When I first began doing afternoons at IOD, I had the bright idea to do a little test. Living in New York South, where the horn honking begins before the light actually changes, I wanted to have someone on a cell phone just stay there after it turned green and we would log the horns (if we could count that high) and pay the guy per honk. Well Suds didn't want to do it. He was afraid of what might happen. So we both went to Gary. I told him the idea and he said 'So, what's the problem?' I said, 'Suds thinks there might be some kind of road rage or something and we'd be liable.' And Gary said, 'So what's the problem?' I took the ball and never looked back. Those 'on the street' confrontations morphed into Payphone Challenge, and while almost all the stunts came from my head, with Marvin or Adam as an occasional contributor, and many of them did 'cause a problem', Gary always stepped in and diverted any heat I might have taken. I did come up with a pretty stupid one about locking someone in a trunk, and pulling in at a full service island at a gas station. When the attendant came out, we'd have him bang from inside to let him out. We were surprised that the attendant did nothing. Just filled the guy's tank and went back inside. We found out later that he called 911 and the cops had put a BOLO out for the car. The cops told us that they viewed it as a kidnapping and someone could have been shot. Gary said we needed to write a letter of apology, but still backed me in the process. When Gary left, the station was never the same. And up until then, it was the most fun, supportive place I'd ever worked. Gary understood good radio and supported what it took to make it that way.\par
    11 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Let me also remind ya that I WAS THE GUY in the trunk and video and audio from that is in the Best of Rick and Suds video which I hope to digitize soon.\par
    9 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner We also had to do an apology after we gave away "washers and dryers" and sent people metal bolt washers and a paper towel, then blenders and mailed out coffee stirrers.\par
    7 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley I couldn't remember if that was you. Let me also say that ADAM, was a HUGE part of the show and willing to do almost anything to make it happen, as evidenced by being 'the guy in the trunk'\par
    8 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley Washers and Dryers, I believe that was another one of my great ideas... thank you, thank you!\par
    6 minutes ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Rick Riley, in a previous post I'd mentioned that the only time I refused to do one of your payphone challenge ideas was the suggestion I walk into a bank and hand the teller a note asking for change of a dollar while wearing a ski mask. Stop the van covered in fire ants on the flyover during its inaugural opening? No problemo.\par
    4 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley Dude... the ski mask would have been a great bit. Admit it, if you were a listener? Come on...!!!\par
    2 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner The listeners and the funeral home handling my remains would have both benefitted.\par
Adam Kirschner FYI.. that trunk was filled with old empty beer cans and old bait. It was not my favorite ppc\par
26 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Rick Riley Dude, shooting an unarmed man LIVE on the air?!!!! We would have been #1 in the NATION!!!!!\par
26 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner I still wouldn't have made bonus.\par
25 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Rick Riley BTW, I think MOST of our listener's trunks were filled with empty beer cans and old bait...\par
23 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner "Number one with a bullet" as they say\par
Steven Spierer Fire ants... I remember seeing that dude months later and he still had marks all over his legs. Tough way to make $125!\par
25 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Rick Riley Steve, that was a different fire ant bit. The great thing about fire ants, is they're multipurpose\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 