{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner August 6 at 10:47am\par
\b0 Tuesday Morning Bedtime Story: "Suck my D_ck"\par
\par
Ok\'85 think back and remember more than a decade ago.. When the Miami Dolphins were in the hunt every year. When they were the "winingest team in football". When they were a contender every year. Before 26 quarterbacks and 6 head coaches. Before they went 12 years without a playoff win. When Dan Marino was still the QB and Don Shula was still the head coach.\par
\par
Remember those days? Before this year's college freshman were even born yet.\par
\par
From the day I arrived at WIOD as an intern until the day I was hired as the Rick and Suds Morning Show producer, I was involved with every single Miami Dolphins Football Broadcasts in one way or another.. First I dealt with the tailgate parties put on by WIOD (This was back in the days before the Dolphins were even involved in tailgating\'85so we did everything. We had Flannigans out there serving ribs and beer, we had a stage with a band playing music on it, we had booths with skills games for prizes, and face painting and all that jazz), then it was the Post Game Show producing with Kim Bokamper in a closed, locked, dark empty stadium for 4 hours after the game ended, then the pre game show. And I was one of 4 producers out at the stadium for 12 hours putting together the Dolphins Draft live broadcast.\par
\par
After the game on the network, but before the local Post Game Show, was the "Locker Room Show". And Maddog would head downstairs from the broadcast booth, leaving about 2 minutes before the game even (ever notice he was missing on air for the end of the game?) So Jim would head on down to the locker room, and the producer would listen in the headset and head Jim down there, talking and schmoozing, and on wins he;d be congratulating them and they'd be slapping him on the back. He was a really well liked guy. And Jim would say, "I'm gonna talk to Danny here in a sec, as soon as you can get to me" and the producer would flap his arms at Rick Weaver or Bill Zimphir or whomever the play by play guy was upstairs still in the booth and point to a pieces of paper he'd written "MARINO w/ MADDOG \endash  NOW!" and Zimphir would stop citing stats of the game and say "Our own Jim Maddog Mandich is downstairs in the locker room with Dan Marino\'85 Jim?" And Jim would interview Danny, and say "I'm gonna try and get over and talk to Bryan Cox next.. Back upstairs to you Bill" and he'd cite more stats and take a commercial break and the producer would listen in as Maddog roamed around a very crowded locker room looking for guys to talk to.\par
\par
So that year was NOT going well for the Fins. They'd lost like the last 3 games in a row, and everyone was all over them about it. The Dolphin's own flagship hometown radio station was one of the worst offenders.. You had Neil referring to Coach Shula as "The Brainstem" and just trashing the team any chance they could. In mornings, Rick and Suds were talking to the coach every Monday Morning at 7am, and it wasn't going well. Before they'd taken over mornings, it was Uncle Mike Reineri and Sonny Hirsch talking to the coach\'853 old white men talking sports. It was like 3 guys in towels at the Elk's Club. But now those goofy, non-sports nerds young guys who made people stand in fire ants for money and destroying phones in blenders doing the interview, and every single interview could have ended with the Coach yelling at Rick and Suds to "Get off My Lawn!" The coach really doesn\rquote t have much of a sense of humor. He seemed like a really good guy and all\'85 but his sense of humor was more akin to Steve Allen, and Rick and Suds were like David Letterman and Paul Schaeffer. It was oil and water. It was my job to call the coach in his office at 7am.. And he'd been there since like 5. He always picked up the phone on the first ring, and was always very cordial to me\'85and I was VERY cordial to him. "Good morning coach. Congrats on the win. We'll be ready in :30 seconds, please hold" and I'd put him on hold and he'd hear Rick and Suds wishing people "Buttloads" as they talked to a guy who was planning on drinking milk until he vomited\'85 but I digress.\par
\par
Now, as I've said, once I started working for Rick and Suds in Mornings, I wasn't always involved with the Dolphins Games because on a Sunday night or Monday Night game, it was too late in order to get up at 3am. So I'd do pre game show stuff. And as soon as it ended, I left the stadium and did whatever; sometimes watch the games on tv, or work for the next day's show, etc. So I didn't hear it happen. But I helped with the aftermath.\par
\par
From what I know, the beating the Dolphins were taking from the media, and us especially, was starting to weigh on the players, most specifically Bryan Cox. Every missed tackle, every failed goal line stance he'd be ridiculed on air about. So when the Dolphins finally won a game, Maddog was all smiles heading down to the locker room. And he gets in front of Bryan Cox, and asks him if he's happy about the win.\par
\par
In those days, it was a decade before Janet exposed her hooter to the entire world at the Superbowl. We ran the games LVIE on the air, no delay. Its a live event, newsworthy, and we didn't take any calls. We wanted the TV to match the radio so people could listen to our colorful broadcasters describing the game over the boring TV guys who show video and then reiterate what you just saw.\par
\par
Now, I didn't hear it happen.\par
\par
But when I got to the studio the next morning, the guy running the board overnight (I cant remember if it was Fred Sowder, or Mike Bohan or Ray Trujillo) happened to just ask me matter of factly that if I heard Bryan Cox curse on live air during the locker room show.\par
\par
We tape everything from the games back then on big, hour long reel-to-reel machines. The sports guys would need to cut up certain plays or interviews for the whole week's worth of SportTalk610 shows and the Coaches Show etc. So at 4am, I go into the sports office and grab the reels.\par
\par
And there, plain as day, I hear Maddog do his lead-in, and ask Bryan Cox if he's happy about the win.\par
\par
"I'm happy. I hate WIOD. Suck my d_ck, but I'm happy".\par
\par
And Maddog ignores it because he know's he's live on the air, and continues the interview. I don't know if Bryan knew we were live or not; not sure he would have cared.\par
\par
So I carted it up, bleeped. From Maddog asking "Hey Bryan, are you happy? To the end of Bryan saying "\'85but I'm happy". When Rick got in, he'd heard about it already and asked me if I had it and I handed him the cart. And he played that thing as part of the recap of the Fins game about every 25 minutes.\par
\par
When Jorge got there, he just went ahead and carted up the "Suck my d_ck" part too. And Neil had a godddam FIELD DAY with it. Every caller heard it as they got hung up on. "Hey Neil, your'e a douchebag!" - "Suck my d_ck" Click. Four hours of both versions being played over and over, and Neil ranting about Bryan Cox's potty mouth and lack of respect for the Maddog and the fans and it made, what could have been the temporary end of the non stop ripping by WIOD of the team, into an even BIGGER reason to just abuse them. Neil suggested that maybe Bryan wasn't getting any at home and that's why he'd asked Maddog\'85 I mean the guy's last name IS Cox\'85\par
\par
So after Neil is Phil Hendrie\'85 and of course, Phil does what Phil does best by putting a very unique twist on an already twisted story. He plays the carts, and talk about it, then brings in Jim Mandich.. Well, sorta\'85 In Hendrie style that is.. He interviews himself as Jim Mandich. And then Bryan Cox comes in (again, Phil) and he turns it into a lovers quarrel between Maddog and Bryan captured on tape front the locker room; Bryan propositioned Jim Mandich. And it was FREAKIN HI-LARIOUS. GENIUS. It's not like Phil's voices sounded much like either Jim or Bryan.. Hell, he did those same voices for two of his own regular characters. Phil isn't an impressionist.\par
\par
A couple of days go by and Guitar Man has a song and Boca has a song and and everyone who did parody songs had their own version about the incident.\par
\par
Sometime after that, the lawsuit was filed by Bryan for defamation against Phil and Cox and WIOD. His kids were getting ridiculed at school because we were saying he was gay, and hurting his image and all this other stuff. I only know about the lawsuit by what was written in the paper; I wasn't involved in it at all. I think the lawsuit was eventually thrown out because Bryan is a public figure and after what he'd said on live radio, everything after that was considered parody.\par
\par
One line, in 2 seconds uttered decades ago, that we all remember.\par
\par
My parents remember "Ask Not What Your Country Can Do for You".\par
\par
Their parents remember "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself."\par
\par
And for me, I remember "Suck my d_ck" \emdash  with Suds Coleman and Rick Riley.\par
Tuesday Morning Bedtime Story: "Suck my D_ck" Ok\'85 think back and remember more than a decade ago.. When the Miami Dolphins were in the hunt every year. When they were the "winingest team in football". When they were a contender every year. Before 26 quarterbacks and 6 head coaches. Before they went 12 years without a playoff win. When Dan Marino was still the QB and Don Shula was still the head coach. Remember those days? Before this year's college freshman were even born yet. From the day I arrived at WIOD as an intern until the day I was hired as the Rick and Suds Morning Show producer, I was involved with every single Miami Dolphins Football Broadcasts in one way or another.. First I dealt with the tailgate parties put on by WIOD (This was back in the days before the Dolphins were even involved in tailgating\'85so we did everything. We had Flannigans out there serving ribs and beer, we had a stage with a band playing music on it, we had booths with skills games for prizes, and face painting and all that jazz), then it was the Post Game Show producing with Kim Bokamper in a closed, locked, dark empty stadium for 4 hours after the game ended, then the pre game show. And I was one of 4 producers out at the stadium for 12 hours putting together the Dolphins Draft live broadcast. After the game on the network, but before the local Post Game Show, was the "Locker Room Show". And Maddog would head downstairs from the broadcast booth, leaving about 2 minutes before the game even (ever notice he was missing on air for the end of the game?) So Jim would head on down to the locker room, and the producer would listen in the headset and head Jim down there, talking and schmoozing, and on wins he;d be congratulating them and they'd be slapping him on the back. He was a really well liked guy. And Jim would say, "I'm gonna talk to Danny here in a sec, as soon as you can get to me" and the producer would flap his arms at Rick Weaver or Bill Zimphir or whomever the play by play guy was upstairs still in the booth and point to a pieces of paper he'd written "MARINO w/ MADDOG \endash  NOW!" and Zimphir would stop citing stats of the game and say "Our own Jim Maddog Mandich is downstairs in the locker room with Dan Marino\'85 Jim?" And Jim would interview Danny, and say "I'm gonna try and get over and talk to Bryan Cox next.. Back upstairs to you Bill" and he'd cite more stats and take a commercial break and the producer would listen in as Maddog roamed around a very crowded locker room looking for guys to talk to. So that year was NOT going well for the Fins. They'd lost like the last 3 games in a row, and everyone was all over them about it. The Dolphin's own flagship hometown radio station was one of the worst offenders.. You had Neil referring to Coach Shula as "The Brainstem" and just trashing the team any chance they could. In mornings, Rick and Suds were talking to the coach every Monday Morning at 7am, and it wasn't going well. Before they'd taken over mornings, it was Uncle Mike Reineri and Sonny Hirsch talking to the coach\'853 old white men talking sports. It was like 3 guys in towels at the Elk's Club. But now those goofy, non-sports nerds young guys who made people stand in fire ants for money and destroying phones in blenders doing the interview, and every single interview could have ended with the Coach yelling at Rick and Suds to "Get off My Lawn!" The coach really doesn\rquote t have much of a sense of humor. He seemed like a really good guy and all\'85 but his sense of humor was more akin to Steve Allen, and Rick and Suds were like David Letterman and Paul Schaeffer. It was oil and water. It was my job to call the coach in his office at 7am.. And he'd been there since like 5. He always picked up the phone on the first ring, and was always very cordial to me\'85and I was VERY cordial to him. "Good morning coach. Congrats on the win. We'll be ready in :30 seconds, please hold" and I'd put him on hold and he'd hear Rick and Suds wishing people "Buttloads" as they talked to a guy who was planning on drinking milk until he vomited\'85 but I digress. Now, as I've said, once I started working for Rick and Suds in Mornings, I wasn't always involved with the Dolphins Games because on a Sunday night or Monday Night game, it was too late in order to get up at 3am. So I'd do pre game show stuff. And as soon as it ended, I left the stadium and did whatever; sometimes watch the games on tv, or work for the next day's show, etc. So I didn't hear it happen. But I helped with the aftermath. From what I know, the beating the Dolphins were taking from the media, and us especially, was starting to weigh on the players, most specifically Bryan Cox. Every missed tackle, every failed goal line stance he'd be ridiculed on air about. So when the Dolphins finally won a game, Maddog was all smiles heading down to the locker room. And he gets in front of Bryan Cox, and asks him if he's happy about the win. In those days, it was a decade before Janet exposed her hooter to the entire world at the Superbowl. We ran the games LVIE on the air, no delay. Its a live event, newsworthy, and we didn't take any calls. We wanted the TV to match the radio so people could listen to our colorful broadcasters describing the game over the boring TV guys who show video and then reiterate what you just saw. Now, I didn't hear it happen. But when I got to the studio the next morning, the guy running the board overnight (I cant remember if it was Fred Sowder, or Mike Bohan or Ray Trujillo) happened to just ask me matter of factly that if I heard Bryan Cox curse on live air during the locker room show. We tape everything from the games back then on big, hour long reel-to-reel machines. The sports guys would need to cut up certain plays or interviews for the whole week's worth of SportTalk610 shows and the Coaches Show etc. So at 4am, I go into the sports office and grab the reels. And there, plain as day, I hear Maddog do his lead-in, and ask Bryan Cox if he's happy about the win. "I'm happy. I hate WIOD. Suck my d_ck, but I'm happy". And Maddog ignores it because he know's he's live on the air, and continues the interview. I don't know if Bryan knew we were live or not; not sure he would have cared. So I carted it up, bleeped. From Maddog asking "Hey Bryan, are you happy? To the end of Bryan saying "\'85but I'm happy". When Rick got in, he'd heard about it already and asked me if I had it and I handed him the cart. And he played that thing as part of the recap of the Fins game about every 25 minutes. When Jorge got there, he just went ahead and carted up the "Suck my d_ck" part too. And Neil had a godddam FIELD DAY with it. Every caller heard it as they got hung up on. "Hey Neil, your'e a douchebag!" - "Suck my d_ck" Click. Four hours of both versions being played over and over, and Neil ranting about Bryan Cox's potty mouth and lack of respect for the Maddog and the fans and it made, what could have been the temporary end of the non stop ripping by WIOD of the team, into an even BIGGER reason to just abuse them. Neil suggested that maybe Bryan wasn't getting any at home and that's why he'd asked Maddog\'85 I mean the guy's last name IS Cox\'85 So after Neil is Phil Hendrie\'85 and of course, Phil does what Phil does best by putting a very unique twist on an already twisted story. He plays the carts, and talk about it, then brings in Jim Mandich.. Well, sorta\'85 In Hendrie style that is.. He interviews himself as Jim Mandich. And then Bryan Cox comes in (again, Phil) and he turns it into a lovers quarrel between Maddog and Bryan captured on tape front the locker room; Bryan propositioned Jim Mandich. And it was FREAKIN HI-LARIOUS. GENIUS. It's not like Phil's voices sounded much like either Jim or Bryan.. Hell, he did those same voices for two of his own regular characters. Phil isn't an impressionist. A couple of days go by and Guitar Man has a song and Boca has a song and and everyone who did parody songs had their own version about the incident. Sometime after that, the lawsuit was filed by Bryan for defamation against Phil and Cox and WIOD. His kids were getting ridiculed at school because we were saying he was gay, and hurting his image and all this other stuff. I only know about the lawsuit by what was written in the paper; I wasn't involved in it at all. I think the lawsuit was eventually thrown out because Bryan is a public figure and after what he'd said on live radio, everything after that was considered parody. One line, in 2 seconds uttered decades ago, that we all remember. My parents remember "Ask Not What Your Country Can Do for You". Their parents remember "the only thing we have to fear is fear itself." And for me, I remember "Suck my d_ck"\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 August 6 at 10:47am\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, John Pearson and 17 others like this.\par
    Jay Adler Rude, obnoxious, foul, and distasteful\par
    August 6 at 10:52am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Jonathan Meola to the tune of "The Girl from Ipanema", IIRC?\par
    August 6 at 11:01am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Mark Hoffmann If this were Jeopardy, the question might be, "Why was WIOD the only NFL flagship station that had the Head Coach's show on a competing station."\par
    August 6 at 11:02am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner "We would have accepted Rick and Suds" too\par
    August 6 at 11:04am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Mark Hoffmann What a great place. I don't even bother telling stories about those years because it's "Unbelievable". Or bragging.\par
    August 6 at 11:06am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Michael Allen Smith Hey John Baker, do we have that sound drop? I looked on the spreadsheet and can't find it.\par
    August 6 at 11:22am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Daniel Ortega I wish we had those tapes. That was one of the best times in radio history.\par
    August 6 at 11:30am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Dan Santoro Bravo Adam....and Encore!\par
    August 6 at 11:30am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Kevin Cash Thanks Adam\par
    August 6 at 11:32am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Barry Rose Yeah, it's now official. I'm naming my next child Adam, regardless of the gender.\par
    August 6 at 11:34am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner lol\par
    August 6 at 11:37am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Freddy Gomez I have never laughed so hard picturing Shula hearing people wish buttloads to others and discuss drinking milk until they vomit.\par
    August 6 at 11:55am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner And Coach was as sour as the milk by the time he got on air.\par
    August 6 at 11:57am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner WIOD PD presents the hidden track on the Best of Rick and Suds 1995 CD: "Don Shula has no sense of humor" {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://soundcloud.com/adam-kirschner/best-of-rick-and-suds-1995 }}{\fldrslt{https://soundcloud.com/adam-kirschner/best-of-rick-and-suds-1995\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Best of Rick and Suds 1995 - Hidden track: Drunken program director and Don Shula's humor\par
    soundcloud.com\par
    Did you know? There's a hidden track on The Best of Rick and Suds 1995 - Drunken program director introduces"Don Shula has no sense of humor&q...\par
    August 6 at 12:02pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
    Judy Wolgang More brilliance from the "pen" of Adam Kirschner! Mondays were always fun as a listener-not being a sportshole it was great to hear what gems were gleaned from the Dolphin broadcasts. "Yes! Yes! Yes!"\par
    August 6 at 12:10pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Scooter Livingston Adam...did Huizenga's lackey Dean Jordan get involved? I had heard he was trying to control what people at WIOD said about the Dolphins and about Ol' Baldy.\par
    August 6 at 12:25pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I dunno Scooter Livingston. I dont think they had a say in any of the talk shows.. but probably SportsTalk and the game broadcasts for sure. For the actual games, those folks were employees of the Dolphins I believe, not the station.\par
    August 6 at 12:52pm \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro I remember when the Sun-Sentinel first wrote an unflattering piece on the Dolphins or Wayne and his henchmen went to the S-S offices demanding the writer be fired or the Marlins & Dolphins would never advertise with them again....the editors & publisher stuck to their guns........\par
    August 6 at 12:55pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Michael Hutchins Awesome! appreciate you filling in the front end of that story for me.\par
    August 6 at 1:00pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Robert Goldman Adams new book " my life off the air the WIOD years " will be on sale soon. Hint hint great job\par
    August 6 at 1:17pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scooter Livingston Dan..had to be Dean Jordan. Neil said Jordan went to IOD management demanding Neil either shut up about Wayne and the Dolphins or he should be fired. I think they laughed him out of the office.\par
    August 6 at 1:33pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley What, Shula... no sense of humor? You're kidding, right? I remember during after a preseason game, I mentioned on the air that I was in the process of moving from Davie to Parkland, and had to miss the first half of the game. You would have thought I s...See More\par
    August 6 at 2:44pm \'b7 Like \'b7 7\par
    Adam Kirschner {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://soundcloud.com/radio-neil/02-foul-mouthed-dolphins-1996 }}{\fldrslt{https://soundcloud.com/radio-neil/02-foul-mouthed-dolphins-1996\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    02 Foul Mouthed Dolphins 1996\par
    soundcloud.com\par
    Guitar Man's Uncensored Version\par
    August 6 at 3:50pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner What's the Dolphins Parody where Guitar Man (I think it's him) says "How many teams in the league are there?"\par
    August 6 at 3:53pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro BOUT 30!\par
    August 6 at 3:55pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Adam it is for sure Guitar Man.\par
    August 6 at 5:13pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker I need to learn how to read better. Adam Kirschner do not know who did the song, and cannot find it either.\par
    August 6 at 6:00pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Its to the old Miami dolphins theme sing.. "Miami dolphins number.. how many teams in the league?"\par
    August 6 at 6:11pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose 'Bout 30 man!\par
    August 6 at 6:14pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker Figured out the song, but cannot find it, or the Phil Hendry parody.\par
    August 6 at 6:27pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Found the drop. But that is about all.\par
    August 6 at 6:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    Sean McLaughlin 770 checking in Rick.\par
    August 6 at 9:30pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Anthony LaPenta Danny and jimmy and jimmy and Danny\par
    August 6 at 11:28pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Jeannie Hall That song is by KJ. He did about 4 or 5 versions.\par
    August 6 at 11:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley 770! Long time!! Ever get together with 769 or 771? Tell em I said Hi!!!\par
    Wednesday at 12:33am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Chuck Stark One of the greatest days in radio!\par
    Wednesday at 1:25am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Edward Quinto Damn man, I was like starting highschool when I was hearing this crap from my uncle! Good times good times.\par
    Wednesday at 1:53am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Sean McLaughlin Rick gave me the number 770 without me asking. The subject of the day, the only time I ever called the Rick and Suds Show was the possible merger of Bonaventure and Sunrise. I called to suggest the new city name "Bonarise".\par
    Wednesday at 10:08pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Rick Riley That's because I couldn't' think of anything else to do. Your delivery was so perfect, it actually made me have one!\par
    Thursday at 10:25am \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder I didn't run the board that night, but I do remember that it was a win against the San Diego Chargers.\par
    Thursday at 10:37am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Hayward I learned a lot listening to Rick and Suds i would not know what shuffling bananas was if not for them.\par
    Thursday at 10:51am \'b7 Like\par
    Sean McLaughlin My favorite moment on the Rick and Suds show, a guy called to tell a long depressing story describing his sad spiral of drug abuse and how it ruined his life. After he was done, [Rick], "Geez, Suds. What do you think about about that?..... Suds? ...Suds?" [Suds] "Huh? Oh, I'm sorry. I was tying off."\par
    Thursday at 10:08pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Rick Riley I was just playing along. I actually knew that because I was helping him do it.\par
    Thursday at 11:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Sean McLaughlin "It's ten minutes to four, Suds, spike up already!"\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 