{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner  July 31 at 10:36am\par
\b0 Wednesday Midday Bedtime Story: HURRICANE ANDREW (part 1. Before the Storm)\par
\par
I'll have to cover this in 3 separate posts since it covered weeks worth of recapping\'85 There's a little humor, some sadness, but mostly interesting tidbits of what went down at WIOD prior to, during, and after the biggest storm to hit South Florida in a century.\par
\par
Let's remind ourselves first that 21 years ago, before Andrew quickly turned from a Category 1 to a category 5 and slammed into Dade county, there hadn't been a major hurricane here in like 3 decades. Most people had never experienced this kind of thing before either because they didn't live here at the time or weren't even born yet.\par
\par
So two days out as it's heading towards us and hits Cat 2 status, projected for a possible 3, the station is a-buzz. And not just because we're a news station.. For chrissakes we're on Biscayne Bay. And engineering it tuning up the giant diesel generators, and Norberto is putting those heavy metal panels on all the windows. The Sales department is canceling all commercial orders because we're about to go into "wall-to-wall" non-stop coverage tomorrow. The Programming office and promotions people are canceling all events and calling air staff that they don't need to do shows tomorrow. And upstairs, in a hallway, newsman Henry Barrow, Executive producer Marvin Rawman, Sports/Goldberg at Nite producer Manny Munoz, and board-op/part time producer/promotions coordinator Adam Kirschner (me) gather in the hallway to talk about the plan. Do we just evacuate the building and run national news and weather from CBS news or do we ride it out?\par
\par
The News Department (Anchors, Reporters, Producers) wanted to stay cuz they're news junkies. The problem was that they needed other people around to get them on the air, relieve them, make outgoing calls to FPL, Bellsouth, Miami and Broward police and fire stations, and Emergency Management offices, cart up audio, work the board, take calls, grab info from the newsroom and wire, etc. They couldn't force anyone to stay in the building, not with a potential Cat 3 churning in the Atlantic 36 hours away.\par
\par
Henry's a senior newsman. He's done the dance with a storm or 2 in his day. He has an idea what could be about to happen. Manny and Marvin aren't old enough to remember a major storm of any kind. And me? I'm younger than them, and from New Jersey only living here for 4 years. My only memories of storms is from the "hurricanes" we had up there which by the time they'd gotten to the Jersey Shore (unlike recent Storm Sandy) were no rougher than a tropical afternoon thunderstorm around here with some flooding.\par
\par
"What do you guys think?" asks Henry of the 3 single, non home owning producers.\par
\par
"I say we stay." I say.\par
\par
"Yeah, we can totally do this." says Manny.\par
\par
"We have enough bodies to handle all the shifts and locations" says E.P. Marvin.\par
\par
And that was that. We were staying.\par
\par
The plan was that before we closed the doors and basically locked ourselves in, the whole staff worked like an army. 4 of the staff went to petty cash and got about 300 bucks to go raid the Milam's across the street of anything food and water wise we might need. Another 7 or 8 went to go gas up all the station news cars and station vans. Anyone who was staying went home to grab supplies and pillows and blankets and clothes and anything else we might need. Nobody could be sure exactly what we'd need or how long we might need to stay. When we came back towards the station, we parked our cars on the second floor of a bank building down the street, and someone would shuttle us back to the station.\par
\par
The next day was the "Day of the Storm" and the continuous coverage started. The only people who came to work were all the news people and news producer (Andrew Kalb) and the producers, the Program Director Boy Gary, and a few other folks who came by early before splitting, and an engineer. We were an army of one, with many leaders at different times. Everyone had a singular focus; helping get the information on the air and out to the public and staying on the air.\par
\par
One reporter was sent to the National Hurricane Center. One to the Emergency Management Office in Broward, another to Dade. Newsman Dan Stewart (remember.. He'd only arrived here from Boston since like May) took News Director Chuck Meyer's Ford Bronco to Fort Lauderdale Beach to cover the scene and get reaction from people. 3 Anchors in studio doing shifts. Our Weatherman, Bob Soper, was on vacation in Carolina and He and his wife actually flew BACK just to ride out the storm at WIOD so Bob could be on the air. (THAT MAN, is a great American) and they arrived mid-day.\par
\par
Around that time the Police Department for North Bay Village showed up. Technically, North Bay Village is an evacuation zone. So 2 officers and the police captain show up to find out what our plan was. "The studios are on the 2nd floor\'85 this building was built long ago and has survived past storms. It;s a concrete bunker. We're staying". The police couldn\rquote t force us out, and they didn't try. In fact, they agreed with us about the building. So much so that they evacuated their own building and made ours their hub for the night parking their cars under our building.\par
\par
For me and the other producers, our jobs was to keep it moving, feeding the guy or gal on the air information as it came in. "Rip and Read". We'd rip it off the wire printer, run it in to them, and they'd read it. Or we'd call one of the reporters and get them to come on. Or grab one of the representatives from counties or utilities or whatever and get them on the air. It was crazy. And the storm wasn't even here yet. It was 5pm.\par
\par
Dan Stewart calls the hotline to do his report, and I say "Ok Dan.. Hold on.." and he says "WAIT!!"\par
\par
"What's up, Dan?"\par
\par
"Can you call a tow truck?"\par
\par
"Why? What happened?? Where you at?"\par
\par
"I'm still at Fort Lauderdale Beach. I wanted great wind and ocean sound in the background of my reports, so I drove onto the beach.. The wind pushed the sound all around and inside Chuck's Bronco, and now it's stuck"\par
\par
I laughed. So did Dan a little.\par
\par
"Ok. Just do your report\'85 I won't say anything to Chuck"\par
\par
And I put Dan on the air and he does his live report, and sure enough you can hear the wind whipping and the waves crashing. When he's done I call a tow truck and tell them where he's at, and that he shouldn't be hard to find\'85 he's the moron parked on Fort Lauderdale Beach in a WIOD News Car.\par
\par
Meanwhile, I've been woking a shift for like 6 crazy, nonstop hours.. It's way different than doing a talk show. That's relaxed. You sit in a chair mostly and answer phone and push buttons. And by your 10th time doing it, if you're good at it, you get a rhythm and can do it without any thought. But this is CRAYYYYYYYzy. It's nonstop, head-spinning, running, and thinking, and planning, and there's not a break. Literally. No commercials even. About 40 minutes goes by, and I'm out of breath. So I say I'm takin a break and Manny hops in the chair and I tell him what's going on and who's on hold and what's after that, etc etc. and I go to take a leak, then to look outside and then to grab something to eat. Apparently by the time they'd gotten to the market, the shelves were basically empty. All we had were two loaves of wonder bread, 3 boxes of fig newtons, 4 boxes of those fake pre-packaged cheez-n-cracker things, 3 jars of peanut butter, bottles of water and soda, and lots of candy. So I scarf a whole sleeve of newtons and a peanut butter on wonder bread, force it down with a diet coke, grab a smoke and head back into the control room.\par
\par
The hotline rings\'85 Manny answers it and says "Yeah, hold on a sec.. You wanna talk on the air?" then.. "Ok, when yer done I'll put you on hold"\par
\par
He hands me the phone. Its Dan again.\par
\par
"Hey dude. Tow truck show up? Get pulled out of the sand?"\par
\par
"Yeah. But\'85 "\par
\par
"But what?"\par
\par
"He's calling another tow truck. He's stuck now too"\par
\par
All I can do is shake my head and smile.\par
\par
"Ok..keep us posted" and I hand the phone back to Manny, he goes on the air and does his report, as I put my feet up and half relax as best as you can. At this point, there's so much going on it's like watching an action movie. People running in and out, people making calls one after another to different places all trying to get someone on the air with Chuck or Henry or Elaine Ettoire or who's even in the room behind the microphone. And as it got darker, and as it got later, and as the radar started showing the storm was getting stronger and stronger with each passing hour, we settled into a rhythm.\par
\par
Next: Part 2 \endash  The Morning of Hurricane Andrew\par
Wednesday Midday Bedtime Story: HURRICANE ANDREW (part 1. Before the Storm) I'll have to cover this in 3 separate posts since it covered weeks worth of recapping\'85 There's a little humor, some sadness, but mostly interesting tidbits of what went down at WIOD prior to, during, and after the biggest storm to hit South Florida in a century. Let's remind ourselves first that 21 years ago, before Andrew quickly turned from a Category 1 to a category 5 and slammed into Dade county, there hadn't been a major hurricane here in like 3 decades. Most people had never experienced this kind of thing before either because they didn't live here at the time or weren't even born yet. So two days out as it's heading towards us and hits Cat 2 status, projected for a possible 3, the station is a-buzz. And not just because we're a news station.. For chrissakes we're on Biscayne Bay. And engineering it tuning up the giant diesel generators, and Norberto is putting those heavy metal panels on all the windows. The Sales department is canceling all commercial orders because we're about to go into "wall-to-wall" non-stop coverage tomorrow. The Programming office and promotions people are canceling all events and calling air staff that they don't need to do shows tomorrow. And upstairs, in a hallway, newsman Henry Barrow, Executive producer Marvin Rawman, Sports/Goldberg at Nite producer Manny Munoz, and board-op/part time producer/promotions coordinator Adam Kirschner (me) gather in the hallway to talk about the plan. Do we just evacuate the building and run national news and weather from CBS news or do we ride it out? The News Department (Anchors, Reporters, Producers) wanted to stay cuz they're news junkies. The problem was that they needed other people around to get them on the air, relieve them, make outgoing calls to FPL, Bellsouth, Miami and Broward police and fire stations, and Emergency Management offices, cart up audio, work the board, take calls, grab info from the newsroom and wire, etc. They couldn't force anyone to stay in the building, not with a potential Cat 3 churning in the Atlantic 36 hours away. Henry's a senior newsman. He's done the dance with a storm or 2 in his day. He has an idea what could be about to happen. Manny and Marvin aren't old enough to remember a major storm of any kind. And me? I'm younger than them, and from New Jersey only living here for 4 years. My only memories of storms is from the "hurricanes" we had up there which by the time they'd gotten to the Jersey Shore (unlike recent Storm Sandy) were no rougher than a tropical afternoon thunderstorm around here with some flooding. "What do you guys think?" asks Henry of the 3 single, non home owning producers. "I say we stay." I say. "Yeah, we can totally do this." says Manny. "We have enough bodies to handle all the shifts and locations" says E.P. Marvin. And that was that. We were staying. The plan was that before we closed the doors and basically locked ourselves in, the whole staff worked like an army. 4 of the staff went to petty cash and got about 300 bucks to go raid the Milam's across the street of anything food and water wise we might need. Another 7 or 8 went to go gas up all the station news cars and station vans. Anyone who was staying went home to grab supplies and pillows and blankets and clothes and anything else we might need. Nobody could be sure exactly what we'd need or how long we might need to stay. When we came back towards the station, we parked our cars on the second floor of a bank building down the street, and someone would shuttle us back to the station. The next day was the "Day of the Storm" and the continuous coverage started. The only people who came to work were all the news people and news producer (Andrew Kalb) and the producers, the Program Director Boy Gary, and a few other folks who came by early before splitting, and an engineer. We were an army of one, with many leaders at different times. Everyone had a singular focus; helping get the information on the air and out to the public and staying on the air. One reporter was sent to the National Hurricane Center. One to the Emergency Management Office in Broward, another to Dade. Newsman Dan Stewart (remember.. He'd only arrived here from Boston since like May) took News Director Chuck Meyer's Ford Bronco to Fort Lauderdale Beach to cover the scene and get reaction from people. 3 Anchors in studio doing shifts. Our Weatherman, Bob Soper, was on vacation in Carolina and He and his wife actually flew BACK just to ride out the storm at WIOD so Bob could be on the air. (THAT MAN, is a great American) and they arrived mid-day. Around that time the Police Department for North Bay Village showed up. Technically, North Bay Village is an evacuation zone. So 2 officers and the police captain show up to find out what our plan was. "The studios are on the 2nd floor\'85 this building was built long ago and has survived past storms. It;s a concrete bunker. We're staying". The police couldn\rquote t force us out, and they didn't try. In fact, they agreed with us about the building. So much so that they evacuated their own building and made ours their hub for the night parking their cars under our building. For me and the other producers, our jobs was to keep it moving, feeding the guy or gal on the air information as it came in. "Rip and Read". We'd rip it off the wire printer, run it in to them, and they'd read it. Or we'd call one of the reporters and get them to come on. Or grab one of the representatives from counties or utilities or whatever and get them on the air. It was crazy. And the storm wasn't even here yet. It was 5pm. Dan Stewart calls the hotline to do his report, and I say "Ok Dan.. Hold on.." and he says "WAIT!!" "What's up, Dan?" "Can you call a tow truck?" "Why? What happened?? Where you at?" "I'm still at Fort Lauderdale Beach. I wanted great wind and ocean sound in the background of my reports, so I drove onto the beach.. The wind pushed the sand all around and inside Chuck's Bronco, and now it's stuck" I laughed. So did Dan a little. "Ok. Just do your report\'85 I won't say anything to Chuck" And I put Dan on the air and he does his live report, and sure enough you can hear the wind whipping and the waves crashing. When he's done I call a tow truck and tell them where he's at, and that he shouldn't be hard to find\'85 he's the moron parked on Fort Lauderdale Beach in a WIOD News Car. Meanwhile, I've been woking a shift for like 6 crazy, nonstop hours.. It's way different than doing a talk show. That's relaxed. You sit in a chair mostly and answer phone and push buttons. And by your 10th time doing it, if you're good at it, you get a rhythm and can do it without any thought. But this is CRAYYYYYYYzy. It's nonstop, head-spinning, running, and thinking, and planning, and there's not a break. Literally. No commercials even. About 40 minutes goes by, and I'm out of breath. So I say I'm takin a break and Manny hops in the chair and I tell him what's going on and who's on hold and what's after that, etc etc. and I go to take a leak, then to look outside and then to grab something to eat. Apparently by the time they'd gotten to the market, the shelves were basically empty. All we had were two loaves of wonder bread, 3 boxes of fig newtons, 4 boxes of those fake pre-packaged cheez-n-cracker things, 3 jars of peanut butter, bottles of water and soda, and lots of candy. So I scarf a whole sleeve of newtons and a peanut butter on wonder bread, force it down with a diet coke, grab a smoke and head back into the control room. The hotline rings\'85 Manny answers it and says "Yeah, hold on a sec.. You wanna talk on the air?" then.. "Ok, when yer done I'll put you on hold" He hands me the phone. Its Dan again. "Hey dude. Tow truck show up? Get pulled out of the sand?" "Yeah. But\'85 " "But what?" "He's calling another tow truck. He's stuck now too" All I can do is shake my head and smile. "Ok..keep us posted" and I hand the phone back to Manny, he goes on the air and does his report, as I put my feet up and half relax as best as you can. At this point, there's so much going on it's like watching an action movie. People running in and out, people making calls one after another to different places all trying to get someone on the air with Chuck or Henry or Elaine Ettoire or who's even in the room behind the microphone. And as it got darker, and as it got later, and as the radar started showing the storm was getting stronger and stronger with each passing hour, we settled into a rhythm. Next: Part 2 \endash  The Morning of Hurricane Andrew\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 July 31 at 10:36am\par
\par
    Barry Rose, John Pearson, James Eric Schuyler and 5 others like this.\par
    Adam Kirschner\par
    Adam Kirschner's photo.\par
    July 31 at 10:44am \'b7 Like\par
    Freddy Gomez Man, I can't for part 2. I can't help but remember that day. I was 16, living with my dad. I never heard the wind whistle like that before. Truly haunting sound I've never heard before or since.\par
    July 31 at 10:54am via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson I moved back to StL 9 months before this happened. I was soooo pissed I missed it. I'm a News/Weather junkie. I watched on CNN and the Weather Channel and took the day off of work for it. At least I got to experience the Great Flood of 93 in St. Louis.\par
    July 31 at 11:12am \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose I love it! WIOD was on my battery operated radio throughout the storm, so being able to read what happened behind the scenes adds more clarity. Can't wait for the next installments.\par
    July 31 at 11:27am via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Ray Trujillo I was doing similar shifts at WINZ, we were inland however.\par
    July 31 at 11:30am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner plus you had that wonderful nighttime signal..lol\par
    July 31 at 11:30am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Cj Putt I have quite a bit of WSUN simulcast audio from during Andrew and the weeks following on tape somewhere. I'll see if I can locate it. Neil was amazing as was everyone else helping people coordinate.\par
    July 31 at 11:54am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner oh man THAT would be FANTASTIC!!!!! I have NO audio from that night..\par
    July 31 at 12:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo WINZ 50,000 watts of AM POWAH!!!! 24/7.\par
    July 31 at 12:01pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Wikipedia says: 50,000 watts daytime, 10,000 watts nighttime. Operating at 25,000 watts nighttime under special temporary authority.\par
    July 31 at 12:05pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Pearson That's odd KMOX "The Voice of St. Louis" and home of Cardinal Baseball is 50,000 watts 24/7.\par
    July 31 at 12:22pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo It was 50 the whole time. We did not have a half power mode.\par
    July 31 at 12:34pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo Not on the old continental transmitter.\par
    July 31 at 12:34pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Robert Goldman Great now I am gonna relive the storm in my sleep. great inside view. Thanks\par
    July 31 at 12:37pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner I dont remember if we went into night pattern on the power that night...\par
    July 31 at 12:52pm \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo Nobody went to night pattern.\par
    July 31 at 1:01pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner yeah my guess is we didnt\par
    July 31 at 1:02pm \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro Well written Adam, keep going......\par
    July 31 at 2:26pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley I think I mentioned earlier that Dan wasn't quite bolted down right, not that I'm one to talk. Love ya Dan, but really, 'Hey, a hurricane's coming. Let's not WALK out on to the beach... let's DRIVE out!" Good call Dan!! He should have used HIS car, maybe the waves would have loosened some of the wallpaper on the inside of his car.\par
    July 31 at 2:58pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner LOL.. the aftermath of Dan on the beach comes as part of episode 2 of Hurricane Andrew. Stay tuned.\par
    July 31 at 2:59pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Hey Rick Riley... Andrew hit on Tuesday in the predawn hours. I dont think you guys came back on the air until Thursday?\par
    July 31 at 3:01pm \'b7 Like\par
    Rick Riley I had a family so they told me to stay home. I don't remember when we came back on the air, but when we did, it was a whole different world. We took the show on the road and spent days in the war zone. I can still see people standing where their home used to be, crying, because everything they knew was gone and they didn't know what else to do.\par
    July 31 at 3:09pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner That part is part of episode 3: The aftermath. It was the most amazing thing I've ever been a part of with a radio station.. Stay tuned!\par
    July 31 at 3:06pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Rick Riley Well include this, because I don't know if you're aware, WIOD reaped a fortune. As life attempted to get underway again, we were sold out with advertisers waiting to get on the air. I remember hearing that we were getting up to $700 a minute for airtime.\par
    July 31 at 3:08pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I remember.. we were doing extra spot segments during newscasts! FYI.. I'll cover the whole "Bryan Norcross" myth during that segment too... dont give it all away here.\par
    July 31 at 3:12pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler @Rick and Adam at the time I worked in print advertising, and there was money to be made. But a few years later, when everyone either rebuilt or left altogether, the bottom fell out big time\par
    July 31 at 3:14pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Michael Hutchins Love these stories. We should call them the new bedtime stories like the ones Neil read and pissed off little Tommy Jicha!\par
    July 31 at 6:16pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    John Baker You are a fine American Adam Kirschner, a real Mentsh!\par
    July 31 at 10:30pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Robert Goldman Adam Kirschner don't forget to include Hank telling everybody where the could get a $15.00 hotdog after the storm and sounding like it was a fair price. \f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 