{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner  August 5 at 10:37am\par
\b0 Monday Morning bedtime Story: "Hey guys, I think Phil might be crazy"\par
\par
Some of the details might need verification from either Phil or his producer Andy, but here's what I remember about when Phil came to WIOD\'85\par
\par
The hallways were a-buzz about a new guy coming to town, as was typical of those days. Before they even hit the air, the existing part time air staff, one or two of the insecure full-time air staff, and most of the producers, myself included, were always looking for dirt on folks. Some because they were afraid they'd be replaced, others to be the little birds who whispered into Neil's ear or ready to cart up some choice carts from their first show.\par
\par
"OKAY!".\par
\par
So the buzz was this new guy was coming in, and all we knew, and all we whispered about was one thing. "He does voices."\par
\par
Whut? Oh brother. Some corny morning show guy who does impressions of celebrities thinks he's gonna make it at WIOD doing his schtick of impressions of Johnny Carson and Ronald Reagan? This outta be B-R-U-T-A-L.\par
\par
So they move Rick and Suds to Mornings, put Randi in afternoon drive after Neil, and this new guy starts doing the night show after SportsTalk610. And I'd catch a few minutes here and there, and it sounded like he was just doing a talkshow, talking to the cretins that would have been bugging Randi if she was still on that time slot. I didn't hear any Johnny Carson or George Bush "Not prudent" garbage\'85 so.. I didn't pay a ton of attention\'85 Normally, I wouldn't have stayed 2 hours past Randi's show.. But once or twice I did, probably because Randi wanted this or that and I ended up working late. And I'm in a production room, and click on the "WIOD ON AIR" switch to listen for a minute or 2. And Phil's doing some terrible interview with some lady who might just be the biggest bitch I ever heard. So I pack up my stuff, and head into the control room.\par
\par
Phil is sitting in the main chair of the studio. He's taken the phone in that room, and called the hotline in the control room. The producer has put the hotline on the air. And Phil is talking into the mic, then the phone, and then the mic, and then the phone.. Having a conversation with himself. And whenever he talks into the phone, just before he stops talking into it, he presses a cart button, his recorded voice says "Yeah, but wait a sec\'85wait a second" as he cuts himself off talking live into the phone. Then he talks into the mic again as Phil, asking a question of a bitchy lady. Then he picks up the phone, and with his eyes closed, answers the question as Margaret from Bal Harbor.\par
\par
As he opens his eyes and goes to talk back on the mic as himself, I catch a faint grin on Phil's face and the movement of his shoulders as he shudders an inner, silent chuckle and asks Margaret, err, himself to hold on for the break. Margaret agrees, but emphasizes once again that she's a very busy lady and can't wait too long.\par
\par
The biggest goddam grin slowly creeps across my face. Phil caught a glimpse of me in there with that lightbulb beaming over my head in the control room\'85 and I think he winked at me\'85 that big, broad Randal P. McMurphy from "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" grin with a wink...like I was now in on the joke.\par
\par
But I'm not 100% sure\'85 because it may have very well been Margaret who winked.\par
\par
Apparently, from what I'd heard and read about Phil since is that he used to be your garden variety DEE-Jay.. Spinning records. Then started doing a talk show. Somewhere around Gulf War One, when he had no callers, he called himself as a joke just to illustrate that nobody was on the phone. And he came on as an iraqi who was very upset because Saddam Hussain was getting a bad rap about this whole invading Kuwait and gassing his own people thing. And callers started calling in to argue in absolute disbelief, but believing every word the caller, err, Phil was saying. And thus, Phil Hendrie's insanely unique brand of talk show was born\'85\par
\par
So fast forward to a few weeks after I got in on the joke\'85. Neil finds a cart in the studio. And plays it. And it's 10 cuts of Phil cutting off gusts.\par
\par
"Yeah, but wait a sec\'85wait a second"\'85\par
\par
"Yeah but" \'85\par
\par
"Okay\'85Okay"\'85\par
\par
And it becomes instant gold. And now people are getting in on the joke\'85and realizing just how unique and talented Phil is. Because after Neil gets his hand on that cart, Phil stops with the talking-over-himself, and gets SO good at switching the voices, that it seems as if they REALLY are talking over each other.\par
\par
A couple weeks later they move Phil to Afternoons and move Randi back to nights\'85I'm guessing all along that they'd planned to have Phil in Afternoon Drive, but wanted to see how the audience reacted, how Neil reacted, and if Randi would crash and burn in afternoons\'85. and now I get so see the nitty-gritty of what went into putting Phil's show together and how it worked\'85\par
\par
Phil would come in with a yellow legal pad. And he and his producer/former news producer Andy Kalb would go out to the picnic bench while Phil smoked Marlboro Reds and they'd talk about the big 5 or so stories of the day. Then they'd come up with fake guests or fake callers that could either be interviewed about the issue or might be upset and want to talk about the issue. By the end of the meeting Phil would have 2 pages filled with ideas. Some days, it would just be something not really related to a big story, it would be just a funny weird idea Phil had... Like the guy who wants to do the naked children's Easter Egg hunt in his yard. Jesus Phil\'85 you gotta be a lot twisted to think up something as obscene and humorous and sick as that.\par
\par
Some days, it wasn't a caller at all. It would be a cooking segment with Jim Mandich and Kim Bokamper (who, in my mind, during the bit, sounded and acted an awful lot like Tennessee Tuxedo and Chumley). Genius. GOLD. Insane.\par
\par
Other days it was drinking or karaoke with GM Bob Greene.\par
\par
And on some days, it was neither.. No voices at all\'85 Like play-by-play of YOUUUUR Florida Marlins versus the Helen Keller School for the blind.\par
\par
And those days\'85 are the days I'm talking about\'85\par
\par
I walk into the control room unaware of what Phil had been doing so far on his show, expecting to see Phil vacillating between talking on a telephone and a microphone. But that's not at all what I saw.\par
\par
The lights in the studio are down low. Phil is behind the mic. And he's SCREAMING into it. Spit is flying from his mouth. He's beet red in the face, staring wildly into the control room where I'm standing.\par
\par
"Mike Tyson throws a LEFT! And a RIGHT! And ANOTHER RIGHT. UPPERCUT!!! OHHHH MY ANGELA LANSBURY IS DOWN!!!! AND THE COUNT BEGINS\'85 ONE.. TWO!!!"\par
\par
And I look at Phil. And realize, he's not staring at me in the control room. He's staring right at Angela Lansbury struggling to get off the canvas, grabbing the ropes to climb up, as Iron Mike paces in the corner like a caged animal waiting to spring.\par
\par
And I turn to Andy, and calmly, matter-of-factly inform him that I think Phil might be crazy.\par
Monday Morning bedtime Story: "Hey guys, I think Phil might be crazy" Some of the details might need verification from either Phil or his producer Andy, but here's what I remember about when Phil came to WIOD\'85 The hallways were a-buzz about a new guy coming to town, as was typical of those days. Before they even hit the air, the existing part time air staff, one or two of the insecure full-time air staff, and most of the producers, myself included, were always looking for dirt on folks. Some because they were afraid they'd be replaced, others to be the little birds who whispered into Neil's ear or ready to cart up some choice carts from their first show. "OKAY!". So the buzz was this new guy was coming in, and all we knew, and all we whispered about was one thing. "He does voices." Whut? Oh brother. Some corny morning show guy who does impressions of celebrities thinks he's gonna make it at WIOD doing his schtick of impressions of Johnny Carson and Ronald Reagan? This outta be B-R-U-T-A-L. So they move Rick and Suds to Mornings, put Randi in afternoon drive after Neil, and this new guy starts doing the night show after SportsTalk610. And I'd catch a few minutes here and there, and it sounded like he was just doing a talkshow, talking to the cretins that would have been bugging Randi if she was still on that time slot. I didn't hear any Johnny Carson or George Bush "Not prudent" garbage\'85 so.. I didn't pay a ton of attention\'85 Normally, I wouldn't have stayed 2 hours past Randi's show.. But once or twice I did, probably because Randi wanted this or that and I ended up working late. And I'm in a production room, and click on the "WIOD ON AIR" switch to listen for a minute or 2. And Phil's doing some terrible interview with some lady who might just be the biggest bitch I ever heard. So I pack up my stuff, and head into the control room. Phil is sitting in the main chair of the studio. He's taken the phone in that room, and called the hotline in the control room. The producer has put the hotline on the air. And Phil is talking into the mic, then the phone, and then the mic, and then the phone.. Having a conversation with himself. And whenever he talks into the phone, just before he stops talking into it, he presses a cart button, his recorded voice says "Yeah, but wait a sec\'85wait a second" as he cuts himself off talking live into the phone. Then he talks into the mic again as Phil, asking a question of a bitchy lady. Then he picks up the phone, and with his eyes closed, answers the question as Margaret from Bal Harbor. As he opens his eyes and goes to talk back on the mic as himself, I catch a faint grin on Phil's face and the movement of his shoulders as he shudders an inner, silent chuckle and asks Margaret, err, himself to hold on for the break. Margaret agrees, but emphasizes once again that she's a very busy lady and can't wait too long. The biggest goddam grin slowly creeps across my face. Phil caught a glimpse of me in there with that lightbulb beaming over my head in the control room\'85 and I think he winked at me\'85 that big, broad Randal P. McMurphy from "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" grin with a wink...like I was now in on the joke. But I'm not 100% sure\'85 because it may have very well been Margaret who winked. Apparently, from what I'd heard and read about Phil since is that he used to be your garden variety DEE-Jay.. Spinning records. Then started doing a talk show. Somewhere around Gulf War One, when he had no callers, he called himself as a joke just to illustrate that nobody was on the phone. And he came on as an iraqi who was very upset because Saddam Hussain was getting a bad rap about this whole invading Kuwait and gassing his own people thing. And callers started calling in to argue in absolute disbelief, but believing every word the caller, err, Phil was saying. And thus, Phil Hendrie's insanely unique brand of talk show was born\'85 So fast forward to a few weeks after I got in on the joke\'85. Neil finds a cart in the studio. And plays it. And it's 10 cuts of Phil cutting off gusts. "Yeah, but wait a sec\'85wait a second"\'85 "Yeah but" \'85 "Okay\'85Okay"\'85 And it becomes instant gold. And now people are getting in on the joke\'85and realizing just how unique and talented Phil is. Because after Neil gets his hand on that cart, Phil stops with the talking-over-himself, and gets SO good at switching the voices, that it seems as if they REALLY are talking over each other. A couple weeks later they move Phil to Afternoons and move Randi back to nights\'85I'm guessing all along that they'd planned to have Phil in Afternoon Drive, but wanted to see how the audience reacted, how Neil reacted, and if Randi would crash and burn in afternoons\'85. and now I get so see the nitty-gritty of what went into putting Phil's show together and how it worked\'85 Phil would come in with a yellow legal pad. And he and his producer/former news producer Andy Kalb would go out to the picnic bench while Phil smoked Marlboro Reds and they'd talk about the big 5 or so stories of the day. Then they'd come up with fake guests or fake callers that could either be interviewed about the issue or might be upset and want to talk about the issue. By the end of the meeting Phil would have 2 pages filled with ideas. Some days, it would just be something not really related to a big story, it would be just a funny weird idea Phil had... Like the guy who wants to do the naked children's Easter Egg hunt in his yard. Jesus Phil\'85 you gotta be a lot twisted to think up something as obscene and humorous and sick as that. Some days, it wasn't a caller at all. It would be a cooking segment with Jim Mandich and Kim Bokamper (who, in my mind, during the bit, sounded and acted an awful lot like Tennessee Tuxedo and Chumley). Genius. GOLD. Insane. Other days it was drinking or karaoke with GM Bob Greene. And on some days, it was neither.. No voices at all\'85 Like play-by-play of YOUUUUR Florida Marlins versus the Helen Keller School for the blind. And those days\'85 are the days I'm talking about\'85 I walk into the control room unaware of what Phil had been doing so far on his show, expecting to see Phil vacillating between talking on a telephone and a microphone. But that's not at all what I saw. The lights in the studio are down low. Phil is behind the mic. And he's SCREAMING into it. Spit is flying from his mouth. He's beet red in the face, staring wildly into the control room where I'm standing. "Mike Tyson throws a LEFT! And a RIGHT! And ANOTHER RIGHT. UPPERCUT!!! OHHHH MY ANGELA LANSBURY IS DOWN!!!! AND THE COUNT BEGINS\'85 ONE.. TWO!!!" And I look at Phil. And realize, he's not staring at me in the control room. He's staring right at Angela Lansbury struggling to get off the canvas, grabbing the ropes to climb up, as Iron Mike paces in the corner like a caged animal waiting to spring. And I turn to Andy, and calmly, matter-of-factly inform him that I think Phil might be crazy.\par
Unlike \'b7 \'b7 Unfollow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 August 5 at 10:37am\par
\par
    You, Michael Allen Smith, Barry Rose, John Pearson and 19 others like this.\par
    50 of 60\par
    View previous comments\par
    Jason Ogonowski Adam, these are soooo good. I'd buy your book.\par
    August 5 at 11:09am via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Michael Hutchins I'm with you Adam. But, Neil used to talk about how Phil seemed to drink the kool-aid after 911. and seemed to even play a clip I think. I might be making that up. Anyway, thanks for another great bedtime story.\par
    August 5 at 11:09am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner According to Wikipedia, Michael Allen Smith... "Phil left WCCO on March 12, 1994 and moved to WIOD in Miami." Sounds about right considering Phil did a 1994 best of.\par
    August 5 at 11:11am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Allen Smith Oops. I was on Phil's page not his show's page.\par
    August 5 at 11:12am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Jason Ogonowski... I'm going to hold you to that!\par
    August 5 at 11:20am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro I have asked Phil Hendrie to loin this group w/no luck yet......\par
    August 5 at 11:36am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I wouldnt loin this group either...lol\par
    August 5 at 11:41am \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI... up next time: Bryan Cox's live post-game suggestion to Jim Mandich.\par
    August 5 at 11:47am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner I should have tagged the very talented Andrew Kalb on this post, and the previous ones about Hurricane Andrew.. All apologies!\par
    August 5 at 12:17pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ray Trujillo Phil did an hour on a Saturday about my car stereo. I was working with him one weekend when he first started. His material really was stream of consciousness. But his stream was more like the Mississippi. I enjoyed watching him work.\par
    August 5 at 12:41pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    James Eric Schuyler I think this is the best-written story so far. I feel really good about loining this group, and thanks for being such good sports.\par
    August 5 at 2:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner WOW! A nod by the World Famous Jim James Eric Schuyler! TREMENDOUS! I also truly believe this grope is defined by the people who loin it.\par
    August 5 at 2:36pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Judy Wolgang I don't know what was more fun as a listener-the callers who were in on Phil's shtick and phoned in to play along, which he seemed to love, or those dreadful souls who called in because they were horrified at what they were hearing. Oh, that poor woman who was so upset because she kept hearing "you son of a bitch." Bob Greene is currently a restauranteur in LA and has been ever since Phil left Miami.\par
    August 5 at 3:04pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I purchased a Ted Bel Steakhouse bowling shirt... lol\par
    August 5 at 3:14pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Barry Rose I was always a big Margaret Gray fan. Another great story and endorsed by Jim Schuyler!\par
    August 5 at 3:22pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.facebook.com/TedBell1?fref=ts }}{\fldrslt{https://www.facebook.com/TedBell1?fref=ts\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Margaret Grey\par
    Columnist at Dicklin SyndicateStudied Theatre at University of PennsylvaniaLives in Santa Monica, California\par
    August 5 at 3:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jay Adler Doug Danger, "calling" the day after the Kentucky Derby, saying all the horses besides the winner should be sent to the rendering plant. Callers were outraged!\par
    August 5 at 3:25pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    James Eric Schuyler Ok, Adam; knock off the sarcasm!\par
    August 5 at 4:29pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Sarcasm?? Ohh i HATE sarcasm. ;/\par
    August 5 at 4:30pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler WIOD? Oh, I HATE that station!!\par
    August 5 at 4:38pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://soundcloud.com/neil-rogers-fan/phil-overlaps }}{\fldrslt{https://soundcloud.com/neil-rogers-fan/phil-overlaps\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Phil Overlaps\par
    soundcloud.com\par
    Phil Hendry's Overlaps from WIOD\par
    August 5 at 6:28pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1 \'b7 Remove Preview\par
    Adam Kirschner Exxxxxcellent. That would be those.\par
    August 5 at 6:30pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker #42-52 on DAT-001.\par
    August 5 at 6:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    Barry Rose Doug Danger-Gay man, gay journalist?\par
    August 5 at 6:47pm \'b7 Like\par
    Joey Martinez Hi Adam, can you shed some light on the "blow your mind " graphic you have with this awesome post?\par
    August 5 at 7:52pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Sure joey.. I just took a photo from an old wiod insider magagine and threw in a few volcano explosions and a few characters. That's Bob Greene at the top. And Angela Lansbury and mike Tyson and a blind lady at home plate at a marlins game and Bryan cox with a rose in his mouth.\par
    August 5 at 7:56pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Joey Martinez It's really cool. Wasn't there a Phil Hendrie WIOD promo shirt that looked like that? Again, it's a really cool image.\par
    August 5 at 8:30pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I dunno... maybe a best if CD cover?\par
    August 5 at 8:33pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler There was a similar Randi pic on either a cover of Insider or one of her CDs\par
    August 5 at 8:34pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I think she was only around long enough for one Best of; the video\par
    August 5 at 8:36pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Judy Wolgang Hey Adam-bedtime story request: the night of the OJ Bronco chase, which I think was Randi's first night off the air.\par
    August 5 at 8:40pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Andrew Kalb Pretty much on target, Adam. Good stuff. Joey - I think you are talking about the tee shirt we did with Phil for charity in December 1994. Still have some of those around. Judy - I believe the night of the OJ chase, coincidentally, Phil did his show, that afternoon, from Disney World and the opening of Sunset Blvd at what was then MGM Studios.\par
    August 5 at 8:46pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Yes I will absolutely cover that one soon, Judy Wolgang\par
    August 5 at 8:46pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Andy Kalb ladies and gentlemen!! And I think you're right Andy... the night of the Bronco chase the place was especially empty. That story soon!\par
    August 5 at 8:48pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Judy Wolgang Right Andy, and wasn't there some big thing that everyone went up to Disney World except Randi?\par
    August 5 at 8:49pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Judy Wolgang Adam-I remember calling that night and felt awful for you-getting stuck having to answer the phones but not being able to say what was going on, just probably saying what you were told to say. What a night!\par
    August 5 at 8:51pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Andrew Kalb Sounds vaguely familiar, Judy re only Phil's show going to Disney that time.\par
    August 5 at 8:52pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    Judy Wolgang Andy-you could fill this page pretty well too: the ill-fated trip to Ireland, etc.\par
    August 5 at 8:54pm via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Joey Martinez Anybody remember when Neil had The Backstreet Boys in the studio?\par
    August 5 at 9:30pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Adam Kirschner you are the best! Thanks for the great tales, and keeping the group alive. Did you post the link to the Insiders? I could have missed it.\par
    John Baker's photo.\par
    August 5 at 10:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner No I forgot John Baker. Tomorrow I swear\par
    August 5 at 10:11pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Thanks.\par
    August 5 at 10:20pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler OMG I absolutely forgot about Vic Prell, Psychic!\par
    August 6 at 12:24pm \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Hoffmann I carted the music for Vic Prell, Enigma I believe, and it had the worst edit you could imagine. Nobody really noticed because Phil was so great.\par
    August 6 at 12:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jay Adler LMAO\par
    August 6 at 12:38pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jay Adler Think of a number between 1 and 10 and I'll guess it. You're thinking of 5. No? You're thinking of 4? Well, 5 minus 4 is 1, and that's because you're #1, right?\par
    August 6 at 12:40pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ben Parrish I demand an apology!\par
    August 6 at 1:48pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Ben Parrish By the way, anyone listening to what he's doing lately? It seemed from the description he's gone back more to comedy and given up the political stuff, but I can't tell for sure, and don't wanna subscribe unless it's worth subscribing to.\par
    August 6 at 1:53pm \'b7 Like\par
    Sean McLaughlin I have that Backstreet Boys show somewhere.\par
    August 6 at 9:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    Robb Sherwin I will not give it to you.\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 