{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner\b0  \par
\b Wednesday Midday Bedtime Story: Fear and Delivering in New Orleans. 12/4/13\par
\par
\b0 In December 1992, I was still a part time Promotions grunt and part time board operator, filling out my 16 hour days at WIOD with only 7.5 hours or less on paper to fulfill my under 29.5 hours per week as necessary to not receive overtime; I had nowhere else to go, nothing else to do, and it was more of an education than I\rquote d received in 4 years of high school and 4 years of college. Plus, it was exciting and fun.\par
\par
WIOD at that time was the long time flagship station of the University of Miami Hurricanes, with Sonny Hirsch as the play-by-play icon. I was frequently working at the games, either as the guy covered in dirt in the parking lot setting up the tailgate parties, or producing the broadcast in the rickety tin shack atop the stadium that swayed and creaked when the crowd cheered.\par
\par
There are many people who loved the Orange Bowl. I\rquote m sure for them it holds many fond memories of a lifetime ago when the Fin and Canes won championships there. But let\rquote s be honest; that place was a goddam toilet. Besides the fact that the \ldblquote pressbox\rdblquote  was a late add on perched onto a rafter you had to climb to get in to, the parking consisted of paying cash to the residents in one of the worst neighborhoods to park on their lawn. And what f-ing stadium forces groups of men to stand around and urinate into a trough filled with ice? WTF is THAT? But I digress\'85\par
\par
Sonny Hirsch was a really good guy. At least to me he was. He was a BIG guy. Jewish. A total mensch. And he always greeted me the same way, with that booooming voice he\rquote d say \ldblquote Myyyy man, ADAM\rdblquote  and wink. And smile that huge smile of his. Remember, I\rquote m a nobody in that place. A part time board op and part time promotions flunkie. And Sonny treated me like I\rquote d been there forever, and we were old friends. Always. So not unlike how I\rquote d do anything to help out Neil, or Rick and Suds, or Maddog, I would do the same for Sonny. \ldblquote Hey can you grab me the sports page?\rdblquote  he\rquote d ask on his way to the \ldblquote Sports Office\rdblquote  which was really a converted closet of sorts. And I\rquote d bring him the paper and he\rquote d lean back in his chair with his feed on the desk next to the reel to reel machine and his microphone and ask me about what I was up to, always peppered with Yiddish.\par
\par
Not everyone was that friendly and willing to treat you that way. That\rquote s probably why I have warm memories about Sonny, and Neil et al.. while others, not so much.\par
\par
So the top ranked Canes are set to take on the unctuous Alabama Crimson Tide for the National Championship in the Sugar Bowl on Jan 1st. And as the HOME of the CANES, what did the management decide to spend our company money on? TV ads announcing the game heard live on WIOD? Trips for listeners to head to New Orleans to cheer on their local team? Newspapers.\par
\par
I guess the coffers were fat in those days\'85 this would never happen in today\rquote s economic climate.\par
\par
Kurt, the Promotions and Marketing Director, had me look in to what it would take to have the Miami Herald delivered to the hotels for the Canes team and coaches, as well as the hotels where the majority of Canes Fans were staying. I researched the price for shipping, and delivery, and putting a wrap on them. I worked out all the figures. And it turned out that the price of a .25 cent newspaper would cost around $7 bucks to deliver.\par
\par
So what did they decide to do instead?\par
\par
Send Adam to New Orleans for 3 days, armed with cheaply printed 2 color \ldblquote Courtesy of WIOD \endash  HOME OF THE CANES\rdblquote  stickers, ship him the newspapers each morning at 5am, and have him go door to door delivering the newspapers to every hotel door he could.\par
\par
Seriously.\par
\par
I was given 1 round trip plane ticket, hotel room in the same building where the team and staff were staying for 3 days, and credentials for the game.\par
\par
Prior to departing, I\rquote d called the hotels close to where we were staying and in my official \ldblquote News Radio 610 WIOD MIAMI, Home of the Miami Hurricanes\rdblquote  voice what the plan was, and \ldblquote could they bring them to the rooms each morning, since I\rquote m sure their security wouldn\rquote t allow me to wander the hallways\rdblquote . And they agreed.\par
\par
So pretty much, the ONLY thing I had to do in New Orleans was wake up at 4:45, put stickers on 500 newspapers, and walk them in stacks of 100 to the lobby of 4 different hotels conveniently located next door and across the street. I only had to hand deliver to the doorstep the 100 in my own hotel. I was done by 6am. Back to bed for 3 hours.\par
\par
Now they only gave me one plane ticket, but the hotel room was nice, and I was never told I COULDN\rquote T bring a buddy\'85 so I got my old college room mate, the guy who\rquote d, interestingly enough, turned me on to Neil and Rick and Suds, to fly down. And we were OUT. OF. CONTROL. despite a winter cold front blowing through. It was in the 20\rquote s at night, and neither of us has so much as a sweatshirt.\par
\par
He and I had a system for stickering and delivering the newspapers so it took even less time. Then the rest of the day was coffee and beignets at Caf\'e9 Du Monde, Jacksons Brewery and godddam French Quarter. It was bedlam. The city was filled with people like it is during Marti Gras. I\rquote d been to New Orleans a few times, but he hadn\rquote t, so I spent a lot of time showing him around to the finer window and doorway drink distribution locations. (If you\rquote ve ever been there, you know what I\rquote m talking about. If not, basically every window, doorway, and actual hole in a brick wall is somewhere you can purchase a drink. You hand them cash, they hand you a beer. Or other home brewed highly alcoholic concoction.\par
\par
On New Years Eve I introduced him to something handed out called a \ldblquote Hurricane\rdblquote . He\rquote d never had one. It\rquote s basically 22 different types of rum with just enough Koolade in it to change the color to red and make it sweet enough to give you instant tooth decay, in a 2 foot tall, 8 inch diameter plastic test tube. And he drank it fast.\par
\par
Within 15 minutes he was stumbling over cobblestone streets and his eyes were pointing in different directions. And around his mouth between his nose and his chin was a deep red stain. He looked like a toddler after an ice pop.\par
\par
In the streets, people were going berserk.. not only was it New Year\rquote s Eve, but the game was the next day.. so roving mobs of Canes and Tide fans were drunkenly singing their team\rquote s fight songs, and fighting.\par
\par
That\rquote s around the time someone shot the Canes mascot in the face. They didn\rquote t KNOW he was the mascot; he wasn\rquote t wearing the costume. He was just walking with buddies singing the UM Fite song, and blammo. Shot in the face. Luckily, it was just a flesh wound. True story. Years later, I actually became friends with the guy.\par
\par
The next day, was the day of the game. So I groggily got up to sticker my papers and deliver them, by myself. Not only did my buddy have a huge headache and nausea, but he\rquote d also contracted the flu like you wouldn\rquote t believe.\par
\par
So I spent the rest of the morning wandering around the empty streets of the French Quarter until it was time to go to the Stadium for the second part of my being in New Orleans; handing out Miami Hurricanes/WIOD chatchkies.\par
\par
They\rquote d shipped me garbage bags filled with stuff from WIOD; hand-held fans, cheapo-homemade buttons, and stickers and other assorted WIOD/CANES junk to hand out outside the Stadium. Which I did\'85 as quickly, effortlessly, and carelessly as possible. \ldblquote HERE. TAKE SOME STUFF\rdblquote  as I opened the garbage bag and pointed on the curb outside the building. Then I ran.\par
\par
I went inside, and into the pressbox where I stood around, by myself behind Sonny Hirsch calling the game as the Canes, favorite by 8 to win, got walloped and lost the National Championship in embarrassing fashion 34-13. The place was filled with dignitaries of the NCAA, New Orleans, UM and Alabama, and National Press. At one point Sonny noticed me in the room, took off his headset, gave me that HUGE smile of his and held out his gigantic hand the size of a ham and said \ldblquote Myyy man ADAM. Tough game so far, eh boichick?\rdblquote  Then he winked, put back on his headset, and said \ldblquote Thanks for the newspaper\rdblquote , then continued calling the game. I felt like a million bucks.\par
\par
And despite being a Canes Alum, and disappointed in the loss, I took a certain pride out of delivering the newspapers to all those Canes fans on the morning after with a WIOD sticker plastered on the front page reading: ROLLED by TIDE, because I knew one of them was for Sonny.\par
Wednesday Midday Bedtime Story: Fear and Delivering in New Orleans. In December 1992, I was still a part time Promotions grunt and part time board operator, filling out my 16 hour days at WIOD with only 7.5 hours or less on paper to fulfill my under 29.5 hours per week as necessary to not receive overtime; I had nowhere else to go, nothing else to do, and it was more of an education than I\rquote d received in 4 years of high school and 4 years of college. Plus, it was exciting and fun. WIOD at that time was the long time flagship station of the University of Miami Hurricanes, with Sonny Hirsch as the play-by-play icon. I was frequently working at the games, either as the guy covered in dirt in the parking lot setting up the tailgate parties, or producing the broadcast in the rickety tin shack atop the stadium that swayed and creaked when the crowd cheered. There are many people who loved the Orange Bowl. I\rquote m sure for them it holds many fond memories of a lifetime ago when the Fin and Canes won championships there. But let\rquote s be honest; that place was a goddam toilet. Besides the fact that the \ldblquote pressbox\rdblquote  was a late add on perched onto a rafter you had to climb to get in to, the parking consisted of paying cash to the residents in one of the worst neighborhoods to park on their lawn. And what f-ing stadium forces groups of men to stand around and urinate into a trough filled with ice? WTF is THAT? But I digress\'85 Sonny Hirsch was a really good guy. At least to me he was. He was a BIG guy. Jewish. A total mensch. And he always greeted me the same way, with that booooming voice he\rquote d say \ldblquote Myyyy man, ADAM\rdblquote  and wink. And smile that huge smile of his. Remember, I\rquote m a nobody in that place. A part time board op and part time promotions flunkie. And Sonny treated me like I\rquote d been there forever, and we were old friends. Always. So not unlike how I\rquote d do anything to help out Neil, or Rick and Suds, or Maddog, I would do the same for Sonny. \ldblquote Hey can you grab me the sports page?\rdblquote  he\rquote d ask on his way to the \ldblquote Sports Office\rdblquote  which was really a converted closet of sorts. And I\rquote d bring him the paper and he\rquote d lean back in his chair with his feed on the desk next to the reel to reel machine and his microphone and ask me about what I was up to, always peppered with Yiddish. Not everyone was that friendly and willing to treat you that way. That\rquote s probably why I have warm memories about Sonny, and Neil et al.. while others, not so much. So the top ranked Canes are set to take on the unctuous Alabama Crimson Tide for the National Championship in the Sugar Bowl on Jan 1st. And as the HOME of the CANES, what did the management decide to spend our company money on? TV ads announcing the game heard live on WIOD? Trips for listeners to head to New Orleans to cheer on their local team? Newspapers. I guess the coffers were fat in those days\'85 this would never happen in today\rquote s economic climate. Kurt, the Promotions and Marketing Director, had me look in to what it would take to have the Miami Herald delivered to the hotels for the Canes team and coaches, as well as the hotels where the majority of Canes Fans were staying. I researched the price for shipping, and delivery, and putting a wrap on them. I worked out all the figures. And it turned out that the price of a .25 cent newspaper would cost around $7 bucks to deliver. So what did they decide to do instead? Send Adam to New Orleans for 3 days, armed with cheaply printed 2 color \ldblquote Courtesy of WIOD \endash  HOME OF THE CANES\rdblquote  stickers, ship him the newspapers each morning at 5am, and have him go door to door delivering the newspapers to every hotel door he could. Seriously. I was given 1 round trip plane ticket, hotel room in the same building where the team and staff were staying for 3 days, and credentials for the game. Prior to departing, I\rquote d called the hotels close to where we were staying and in my official \ldblquote News Radio 610 WIOD MIAMI, Home of the Miami Hurricanes\rdblquote  voice what the plan was, and \ldblquote could they bring them to the rooms each morning, since I\rquote m sure their security wouldn\rquote t allow me to wander the hallways\rdblquote . And they agreed. So pretty much, the ONLY thing I had to do in New Orleans was wake up at 4:45, put stickers on 500 newspapers, and walk them in stacks of 100 to the lobby of 4 different hotels conveniently located next door and across the street. I only had to hand deliver to the doorstep the 100 in my own hotel. I was done by 6am. Back to bed for 3 hours. Now they only gave me one plane ticket, but the hotel room was nice, and I was never told I COULDN\rquote T bring a buddy\'85 so I got my old college room mate, the guy who\rquote d, interestingly enough, turned me on to Neil and Rick and Suds, to fly down. And we were OUT. OF. CONTROL. despite a winter cold front blowing through. It was in the 20\rquote s at night, and neither of us has so much as a sweatshirt. He and I had a system for stickering and delivering the newspapers so it took even less time. Then the rest of the day was coffee and beignets at Caf\'e9 Du Monde, Jacksons Brewery and godddam French Quarter. It was bedlam. The city was filled with people like it is during Marti Gras. I\rquote d been to New Orleans a few times, but he hadn\rquote t, so I spent a lot of time showing him around to the finer window and doorway drink distribution locations. (If you\rquote ve ever been there, you know what I\rquote m talking about. If not, basically every window, doorway, and actual hole in a brick wall is somewhere you can purchase a drink. You hand them cash, they hand you a beer. Or other home brewed highly alcoholic concoction. On New Years Eve I introduced him to something handed out called a \ldblquote Hurricane\rdblquote . He\rquote d never had one. It\rquote s basically 22 different types of rum with just enough Koolade in it to change the color to red and make it sweet enough to give you instant tooth decay, in a 2 foot tall, 8 inch diameter plastic test tube. And he drank it fast. Within 15 minutes he was stumbling over cobblestone streets and his eyes were pointing in different directions. And around his mouth between his nose and his chin was a deep red stain. He looked like a toddler after an ice pop. In the streets, people were going berserk.. not only was it New Year\rquote s Eve, but the game was the next day.. so roving mobs of Canes and Tide fans were drunkenly singing their team\rquote s fight songs, and fighting. That\rquote s around the time someone shot the Canes mascot in the face. They didn\rquote t KNOW he was the mascot; he wasn\rquote t wearing the costume. He was just walking with buddies singing the UM Fite song, and blammo. Shot in the face. Luckily, it was just a flesh wound. True story. Years later, I actually became friends with the guy. The next day, was the day of the game. So I groggily got up to sticker my papers and deliver them, by myself. Not only did my buddy have a huge headache and nausea, but he\rquote d also contracted the flu like you wouldn\rquote t believe. So I spent the rest of the morning wandering around the empty streets of the French Quarter until it was time to go to the Stadium for the second part of my being in New Orleans; handing out Miami Hurricanes/WIOD chatchkies. They\rquote d shipped me garbage bags filled with stuff from WIOD; hand-held fans, cheapo-homemade buttons, and stickers and other assorted WIOD/CANES junk to hand out outside the Stadium. Which I did\'85 as quickly, effortlessly, and carelessly as possible. \ldblquote HERE. TAKE SOME STUFF\rdblquote  as I opened the garbage bag and pointed on the curb outside the building. Then I ran. I went inside, and into the pressbox where I stood around, by myself behind Sonny Hirsch calling the game as the Canes, favorite by 8 to win, got walloped and lost the National Championship in embarrassing fashion 34-13. The place was filled with dignitaries of the NCAA, New Orleans, UM and Alabama, and National Press. At one point Sonny noticed me in the room, took off his headset, gave me that HUGE smile of his and held out his gigantic hand the size of a ham and said \ldblquote Myyy man ADAM. Tough game so far, eh boichick?\rdblquote  Then he winked, put back on his headset, and said \ldblquote Thanks for the newspaper\rdblquote , then continued calling the game. I felt like a million bucks. And despite being a Canes Alum, and disappointed in the loss, I took a certain pride out of delivering the newspapers to all those Canes fans on the morning after with a WIOD sticker plastered on the front page reading: ROLLED by TIDE, because I knew one of them was for Sonny.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Share \'b7 Stop Notifications \'b7 December 4 at 2:15pm\par
\par
    Jon Elias, Bruce Clifford, Tony Prieto and 11 others like this.\par
    Fred Sowder Sonny Hirsch was a helluva guy. SORELY missed!\par
    December 4 at 2:21pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    John Baker Another Great story!\par
    December 4 at 2:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Jon Elias Wait, back up a second. When you say they shot the mascot in the face... You mean like with a bullet? From a gun?\par
    December 4 at 2:43pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I mean at first I figured he got punched in the face, but this sounds like something much different...\par
    December 4 at 2:44pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker EVEN A BULLET CAN'T STOP UM MASCOT WOUND MINOR, SO IBIS PERFORMS\par
    Sun-Sentinel - Saturday, January 2, 1993\par
    Author: By RANDALL MELL, Staff Writer...See More\par
    December 4 at 2:53pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Oh man! Never knew about this.\par
    December 4 at 2:58pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker It happens every New Year's Eve in Hialeah.\par
    December 4 at 3:04pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Around here the college kids just throw trash cans at parked cars. Well they do that every night, but on New Year's Eve it's better organized. I think they even have some sponsors lined up for this year.\par
    December 4 at 3:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1310&dat=19930102 }}{\fldrslt{http://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1310&dat=19930102\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20 ...\par
    Eugene Register-Guard - Google News Archive Search\par
    news.google.com\par
    December 4 at 3:12pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias "It's going to take a hell of a lot more than a bullet hole in the head to keep me from this game."\par
    December 4 at 3:18pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I didn't mean to hijack your story Adam, but I'm printing that out and saving it for the next time someone tells me they can't make it to work because they feel a little bit of a tickle in their nose and throat.\par
    December 4 at 3:20pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Ha.. all I wanna do with these is start an archive and start a conversation. Threadjack all you want.\par
    December 4 at 3:21pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI.. John Routh.. great guy. Went on to be the original Billy the Marlin. Now manages the University Sports Hall of Fame or something...\par
    December 4 at 3:22pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I still want to see these end up in book form\par
    December 4 at 3:23pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Oh wow. I have a bunch of inaugural season Marlins stuff, lots of it featuring him. I had no idea he was shot in the face.\par
    December 4 at 3:23pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner John Routh.. care to weigh in on your being shot in the face?\par
    December 4 at 3:25pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Barry Rose Nothing like a mid-afternoon first person recollection of being shot in the face. Another great story, Adam, and I'm with Jon-we need a book!\par
    December 4 at 3:30pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    John Routh It hurt\par
    December 4 at 3:54pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 9\par
    Jon Elias If you told me when I was on my way home today that I was going to log on here and see all of this...\par
    December 4 at 4:02pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I mean this thread has everything. A great story. Someone being shot (and thankfully they were OK) and not missing the game. The archived news story with one of the greatest quotes ever. The awesome two word post 21 years later from the person who was shot. This is why we have an Internet.\par
    December 4 at 4:07pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Hoffmann I give it a 99...yards\par
    December 4 at 4:07pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner John Routh weighs in! Nice! (lol.. short and sweet!)\par
    December 4 at 4:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson At Wrigley Field you have to urinate into a trough.\par
    BTW I was so drunk that night I cried like a baby for about two hours. Some chick felt sorry for me and I got laid. Also almost got beat up by some Bama fans at halftime so my twin took me to a different bar.\par
    Good Times!\par
    December 4 at 5:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias I have vivid memories of being at the Orange Bowl Game at whatever the place is called now... I think it was Pro Player then, (Nebraska-Tennessee, 1998). Anyway, I was on the longest mens room line ever, and some guy walked in with a girl who apologized to everyone and then squatted and did her business into a garbage can.\par
    December 4 at 6:41pm \f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 