{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner \b0 July 18 at 3:28pm\b\par
\b0 Ok.. since I owe people a story, here's another...July 18 at 3:28pm\par
\par
Please keep in mind... Jorge has WAYYYY more Neil stories than I could possibly have. I worked in the building... with Randi, and Chris Baker, and Rick&Suds.. and the garden guy and Defo and Maddog and others part time.. I saw Neil every weekday between Aug 91 and the day he left the station and went to QAM... and wandered into the studio and talked with him during breaks and handled his remotes when I was in promotions. But I dont have the nitty-gritty down-and-dirty stuff that's probably really good reading and way more interesting...\par
\par
any-who..\par
\par
So this was one of my proudest moments as a producer.. One Monday, I come in around 10 or 11am, and I walk into the control room to say howdy to my bud Jorge.."Sup dooood"... And Neil is ranting about something to do with the station and the programming, and the sales department ba-ba-ba-ba, sees me, and punctuates the rant with something like "And letting that goddam Chris Baker drive around in the god dam van on Friday night".\par
\par
I just smiled ear to rear.\par
\par
See, first of all, I know either Neil had a spy report about the Friday show with Baker (whom I was producing since the night Randi quit...which FYI, if you're keeping score was the night of the OJ Bronco Chase... that's right... while all that crazyness was happening, we had Best of Randi Rhodes talking to the kid who plays the violin in Tampa and a whole bunch of mouth breathers who wanted Randi to talk dirty to them while she played queef noises).. or... Neil was listening and heard it.\par
\par
I just happily shivered and laughed all over inside...just smiling.\par
\par
What I knew, that apparently Neil hadn't, was that every Friday night Chris Baker left the station.. usually in the van, (once from a boat at the Isle of Dreams), and went somewhere, broadcasting from wherever we went. One Friday we went to a comedy club while Chris got on stage and 2 girls near the broadcast booth talked so loudly you could hardly make out his act... or to a bar to play pool with people, or on that one occasion a boat into the bay. It didnt matter much what we did.. but it was just something to pass the time, and it was different. It always started the same way.. the first half hour we talked about where we should go, decided, got the wireless mic, and the van with the big antenna, and went. Yeah, it crackled and spitted static most of the trip... but it was just something to do.\par
\par
That past Friday night, the van broke down on the side of the road with a flat, and Chris had to change the tire while on the air, but the spare was too flat to drive on, and we spent the whole rest of the time on the air trying to figure out where we were, taking calls, and how the engineers could pick us up as cars and trucks wizzed by and honked.\par
\par
So why was I laughing?\par
\par
Because NONE of it was real. It was all done with sound effects on carts. An endless loop of static and crackling. The sound of a van door opening, shutting, vehicle starting, running, driving. The sound of a flat tire blowout, tire flapping. Traffic zooming by and honking. All fake. Even my going on the air as the poor, exasperated producer stuck in the control room giving Chris the names of the callers waiting on the line and yelling the keep the 2 girls talking over his stand-up routine. All fake.\par
\par
During the break, after Neil's rant, I walked into the studio, and told Neil it wasnt real...none of it. We never left the studio. He just stared at me, blinking. I think he'd bought into it too. He didnt nod. He didnt smile. He just looked at me, still holding his mic in his hand, elbow resting on his pupik. As I finished my story, the spots ended and the rejoin began and without missing a beat as the music ended ("double you eye ohhh DEEEEEE") he popped on his mic, swiveled in his chair and said "Adam says Chris baker's a liar... Sunrise.. Hello...." and that was it. He didnt mention it again or ever talk about the Friday shows again.\par
\par
3 weeks later, on Chris's Saturday show, without any of the carts or production or any of that stuff, he decided to announce a fake news story that thousands of Cubans were washing ashore in Tampa... I wasnt there, but apparently panic happened, the batline rang, people rushed into the studio and Chris got in trouble for starting a "War of the Worlds" type panic, and we were banned from any more Friday Night trips since we were already on the Justice Department's radar or some crapola like that.\par
\par
That's how I remember it anyway.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Follow Post \'b7 Share \'b7 about an hour ago\par
\par
    Fred Sowder, John Pearson and 2 others like this.\par
    Steve Patterson That Saturday show was a whole story in and of itself\par
    about an hour ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner And I worked with Jaz, and Reineri, And Drew "OKAY!" Michaels, and Stevens and Grdnik, and even Steve "Shecky" Patterson, too!\par
    about an hour ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Steve were you there for it?? Did I get it mostly right?\par
    about an hour ago \'b7 Like\par
    Mark Srebro Oh, man! Great! Sounds very Phil Hendrie-esque, too! But I'm confused -- the one time with the flat tire was fake, or all the trips were fake? The part about the two girls during the stand-up routine being included with the flat tire story makes it a  bit confusing.\par
Quick segue to the world of Rick & Suds -- what the HELL was up with Adequate Dave? Was he as unhinged as he came across? It seemed obvious that he was just trying to use Rick & Suds to get to Neil, but for what? I had this image of Adequate Dave getting to meet Neil and a bloody (literally) disaster ensuing.\par
\par
    55 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder Hey, Shecky! How you been, man?\par
    54 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo I remember going out with Sam to the Biltmore and getting 'arrested'. Those were the days. Madam Smol, Medium at large.\par
    50 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner For Mark Srebro: The friday trips were always fake, regardless of where we supposedly went. Everything about them was fake.\par
    48 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner For Mark Srebro: as to inAdequate Dave.. he was a totally freak..totally unhinged from reality. Sad too, because he was educated, pretty normal, tho weird, background..at one point had a decent job.. but he'd been unemployed for a while, and the make-up and eyebrow plucking and the rest was just REALLY RALLY bizzarre.\par
    46 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder How about "Culo del Fuego?"\par
    45 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner FYI.. inAdequate Dave is on Facebook! "Dave Westcoast Prince"\par
    45 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner ahahah Culo Del Fuego!!!!!\par
    44 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1473105467809&set=pb.1238828586.-2207520000.1374177432.&type=3&theater }}{\fldrslt{https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=1473105467809&set=pb.1238828586.-2207520000.1374177432.&type=3&theater\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Photo\par
    Dave's family\par
    By: Dave Westcoast Prince\par
    42 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
    Ray Trujillo I loved that bit!!!\par
    40 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Mark Srebro Oh, Jesus. I don't even remember hearing about the eyebrows and makeup. He absolutely came across as a Mark David Chapman-type. Frightening.\par
    That's great, regarding the fake Friday trips. I guess you either had to get up pretty early to put one over on Neil, or, in this case, go on the air really late.\par
    37 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Andy Artessa I bet he enjoyed when you handled his remote\par
    36 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Ray Trujillo Smoke this\par
    33 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
    John Pearson No one beats a dead horse better than Randi Rhodes\par
    26 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Just ask Jim...\par
    16 minutes ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
John Pearson No one beats a dead horse better than Randi Rhodes\par
Yesterday at 4:13pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Adam Kirschner Just ask Jim...\par
Yesterday at 4:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
Andy Artessa Squirt squirt\par
Yesterday at 5:53pm via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Judy Wolgang I can't believe Uncle Neil fell for those "remotes." I remember listening to them thinking they were pretty good theater but that no one could possibly think they were real. Now I hear Chris Baker became a right wing douche bag.\par
23 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Judy Wolgang If you wanna work in talk radio, you either do sports or politics, and go where the jobs are. There are no more stations like those days at WIOD. We (not kidding here, ok?) made $4.25 and HOUR...and we went there at times and on days we didnt work for FREE just to participate in things. "Hey, wanna head into the studio and record a bit?" SURE! SEE YOU THERE! "Wanna swing by and cover the board during Pay Phone CHallenge?" ABSOLUTELY. "Wanna come by and hang out while we duct tape some guy to the flagpole?" Hell F-ING YEAH! We were a group of mid 20 something who's whole lives revolved around that place... until they sold us and killed the magic.\par
21 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Michael Allen Smith {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://www.kfab.com/pages/ChrisBaker.html }}{\fldrslt{http://www.kfab.com/pages/ChrisBaker.html\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Chris Baker\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.kfab.com }}{\fldrslt{www.kfab.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Chris Baker's blog postings.\par
21 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Bruce Clifford Great story\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Michael Allen Smith Do you think Chris might have old audio from this era?\par
21 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Barry Rose Well, it's pretty obvious that Adam's stories coupled with a few beers have become my new favorite pastime. Much appreciated!\par
21 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Adam Kirschner i hope someone does, Michael.. not all of them went as well as others.. like the boat one.. s.\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner others went great.. gotta remember.. this was year befores\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner the internet or reality tv or anything like that\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner more storiesbaoon.\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner dam phone... more stories soon... any requests?\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Michael Allen Smith I'm going to contact Chris. Found him on Twitter.\par
20 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Judy Wolgang Randi stories? I bet there's plenty!\par
11 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Chris is on Facebook..\par
10 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner i have a few Randi stories...\par
10 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Annamaria Hunter I have the ultimate Randi story.....by far!\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Adam Kirschner yeah, but WHICH ONE?!?!?!?!??!\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner I'm assuming it's the one that lead to you guys becoming mortal enemies?\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
Annamaria Hunter She actually tried to get me fired......\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner again... WHICH TIME?\par
about an hour ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Annamaria Hunter you mean there was more than once......that bitch!\par
22 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Fred Sowder I don't think she's known for treating too many of her coworkers well.\par
22 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Judy Wolgang I remember some of the Randi/Anna Maria stories Randi told on the air-pretty compelling stuff back then, but I kept in mind that "it's just a radio show."\par
20 minutes ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Fred Sowder Oh, not in that case!\par
20 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Annamaria Hunter Major hippo-crit......reality escaped her, radio show or not, entertainment or not she was just wrong.\par
12 minutes ago \'b7 Like\par
Andy Artessa Ah I remember her now\par
Adam Kirschner It really took a lot to make me like Jim more than Randi\par
21 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Annamaria Hunter He did turn out to be the more upstanding of the two!\\\par
20 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner right!?!?!?!\par
19 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Halcyon Salazar Wow what a trip down memory lane. I had the worst case of on-air phobia...and what would Neil do...he would call my office to speak to Boy Wonder and put me on the air...always a fun conversation...\par
19 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Unlike \'b7 4\par
Fred Sowder Halcyon, what are the totals? LOL!\par
19 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
Scooter Livingston Are there any Chris Baker Friday night tapes floating around? I was usually out with the now-wife on Friday nights and if the radio was on in the car it was tuned into music, not 'IOD.\par
19 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Scooter Livingston Halcyon...great to see ya here\par
19 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Mark Srebro I seem to remember that Randi had a bigger-than-usual problem with Phil Hendrie right as he was joining the station (thus officially beginning the Belle Epoque of Miami radio), but I don't remember the details. Was it just the typical "He's going after my job!" paranoia? I remember being shocked the first time I heard Phil, because it was funny as hell and based on what Randi had been saying about him, he was a talentless hack. (This was around the time I started to realize that Randi was a tad off-kilter.)\par
19 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner Yep. Anyobe who came in as a weekender or fill in was a threat. EVERYONE. Drew, Baker, Hendrie, Stwvens and Grdnic, Steve Patterson, even Joey Reynolds. Theybwere ALL after her job. And what put her over the edge was when they moved rick and suds to mornings and Randi filled in for a few weeks then gave Phil afternoons.. at least that's how I remember it.\par
19 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Adam Kirschner I dunno Scooter.. I certainly hope so. By today's standards they're probably really tame.. but back then it was pretty cutting edge retro radio theater.\par
19 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Michael Allen Smith Chris Baker has not responded to my Twitter message yet. {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://twitter.com/NeilRogersRadio/status/358035900036415489 }}{\fldrslt{https://twitter.com/NeilRogersRadio/status/358035900036415489\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
Twitter / NeilRogersRadio: @CBakerShow Do you have any ...\par
twitter.com\par
Instantly connect to what's most important to you. Follow your friends, experts, favorite celebrities, and breaking news.\par
19 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Adam Kirschner I saw. I KNOW he's on Facebook.. and he uses it.. try that?\par
18 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Judy Wolgang From what I remember Randi had been moved to afternoons-as I type this another memory-she was ripping Neil for always ending his show with Luis Miguel and he actually got out of the car and came back upstairs to confront her. I digress. Phil was hired to do nights and shortly after Randi had lasik surgery she got a call from Boy Gary that he was moving her back to her old time slot and moving Phil to afternoons.\par
10 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Fred Sowder And then came...I GOTCHA DOWN!\par
9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Annamaria Hunter What's the Poll Question of the day?\par
9 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Andy Artessa Didn't Phil Hendry used to imitate her? Was she the one that had passion phones ?\par
9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Bruce Clifford YES that was Passion Phones with "I Got You Down"\par
9 hours ago \'b7 Like\par
Andy Artessa Lol yes I remember now "I got you down"\par
9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like\par
Andy Artessa I can remember the dump system back then when somebody would swear, when Neil came back live his voice would drag for a few seconds.\par
9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Bruce Clifford We need a good poll question for Annamaria Hunter\par
9 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Fred Sowder What is your favorite method of foreplay? "Good for you! Good for youuuuuu!"\par
9 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Barry Rose Sounds like our poll question of day..\par
9 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Bruce Clifford I don't have the answer but I hope you got me down lol\par
9 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Steve Patterson I met Randi through Chris Baker, and we hung out quite a few times before I started working at WIOD. Chris and I did some bits for her with Jim's "help" etc. The week I was hired was just days after she "left". I was instructed by Steve Nichol to not talk about Randi on the air at all, and if a caller brought her up, I was to act as though I had no idea who the caller was talking about and quickly move on.\par
8 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
Fred Sowder Yes, that is today's Passion Phones poll question of the day.\par
8 hours ago via mobile \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
Sharon Mahony Adam, great story!\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 