{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner \b0 February 16 2014 Saturday Night Bedtime Story \f1\endash  Good Night, You Princes of The Causeway, You Kings of South Florida\par
\par
PART ONE: The Meeting\par
\par
On fine day, one that started like many others, just before the end of the Rick and Suds Show and prior to Neil going on the air, management told us we were holding a company meeting, and it was mandatory for everyone to attend.\par
\par
Oh, and it's not in the conference room, it was going to be in the building right across the street in the office building over there. We'd never been there before. Little did we know that several weeks later, we'd never be back to the "Wonderful Isle of Dreams".\par
\par
Immediately everyone is gossiping and the building is abuzz.. All hidden and whispery. It was the kinda thing that Neil would have mentioned off hand during the show, but it wasn't his primary discussion that day. He'd just reference it.\par
\par
But me, and the rest of the producers were just wildly speculating..\par
\par
"They're bringing in Howard to do Mornings, Rick and Suds go back to afternoons, Phil goes back to nights."\par
"No dude.. We're buying another station"\par
"They're finally gonna put us on FM!"\par
"Meh.. Maybe it's just Bob Greene leaving"\par
\par
Frankly, I was so caught up in it all that frankly, I don't remember whether the meeting was during Neil's show and they put "best of" tapes on,, or whether they waited for Phil to be on and held the meeting then, since he wasn't part of the sale anyway.\par
\par
And the the time came, the entire building went across the street. Oh, did I say "the entire building"? My bad. Sorry.JUST WIOD. The Coast and WHQT weren't invited. And It wasn't just the air staff.. It was programming, promotions, sales, everyone. And honestly, I remember the walk over there being filled with office laughter from groups of friends, walking in happy little groups on the way to the slaughter.\par
\par
We walk in to this building we've never been to, and fill a conference room. It's so full that people are not just sitting in every seat, they're lined around the perimeter. And the mumbling and talking gets louder and people are at ease. And Bob Green steps to the front of the room. He's there with another guy I didn't recognize, and he introduced him as Bob Neil who was some vice president of Cox or whatever. JUST TELL US ALREADY dude! Are we going on FM or WHAT?\par
\par
\f0 "A business decision has been made and COX has decided to sell WIOD\'85"\f1\par
\par
And he points to another, older man I didn't recognize. Button down shirt and tie, slacks, dress shoes. "To Paxson Communications."\par
\par
BOOM.\par
\par
All the air leaves the room, as 60 people all inhale/gasp.\par
\par
I'd never seen him before. Never heard him speak before. But his speech didn't leave me feeling scared or worried about the religious stuff, or the station's future, or even my job. I was an optimist back in those days. I had wide-eyed hopes that maybe this would be a good thing. They were gonna build a brand new major studio for us. A new owner could mean new opportunities. The sale of WIOD, when it was all complete, is one of the story-lines in my life that ended wide-eyed optimism. Santa, Tooth Fairy, Sale of WIOD. Not in that order.. But I digress, and I'm getting ahead of myself.\par
\par
Neil, Rick and Suds stay. Phil is staying with COX. Newsroom is being dismantled. Canes, Dolphins, gone. We're keeping a few of the Sports department, for now. This guy goes with WIOD, that guy stays. She's staying but he's leaving. We could be out in as soon as 30 days, so start packing, Thank you.\par
\par
And the meeting ends, and we walk back to the station, much slower, heads lower.\par
\par
And over the next few weeks, we boxed up 50 years worth of stuff, and prepared to have our parent company cut the cord, and hand us to an adoptive parent.. A strange, crazy, weird, dangerously unaware parent.\par
Saturday Night Bedtime Story \endash  Good Night, You Princes of The Causeway, You Kings of South Florida PART ONE: The Meeting On fine day, one that started like many others, just before the end of the Rick and Suds Show and prior to Neil going on the air, management told us we were holding a company meeting, and it was mandatory for everyone to attend. Oh, and it's not in the conference room, it was going to be in the building right across the street in the office building over there. We'd never been there before. Little did we know that several weeks later, we'd never be back to the "Wonderful Isle of Dreams". Immediately everyone is gossiping and the building is abuzz.. All hidden and whispery. It was the kinda thing that Neil would have mentioned off hand during the show, but it wasn't his primary discussion that day. He'd just reference it. But me, and the rest of the producers were just wildly speculating.. "They're bringing in Howard to do Mornings, Rick and Suds go back to afternoons, Phil goes back to nights." "No dude.. We're buying another station" "They're finally gonna put us on FM!" "Meh.. Maybe it's just Bob Greene leaving" Frankly, I was so caught up in it all that frankly, I don't remember whether the meeting was during Neil's show and they put "best of" tapes on,, or whether they waited for Phil to be on and held the meeting then, since he wasn't part of the sale anyway. And the the time came, the entire building went across the street. Oh, did I say "the entire building"? My bad. Sorry.JUST WIOD. The Coast and WHQT weren't invited. And It wasn't just the air staff.. It was programming, promotions, sales, everyone. And honestly, I remember the walk over there being filled with office laughter from groups of friends, walking in happy little groups on the way to the slaughter. We walk in to this building we've never been to, and fill a conference room. It's so full that people are not just sitting in every seat, they're lined around the perimeter. And the mumbling and talking gets louder and people are at ease. And B\f0 ob Green steps to the front of the room. He's there with another guy I didn't recognize, and he introduced him as Bob Neil who was some vice president of Cox or whatever. JUST TELL US ALREADY dude! Are we going on FM or WHAT? "A business decision has been made and COX has decided to sell WIOD\'85" And he points to another, older man I didn't recognize. Button down shirt and tie, slacks, dress shoes. "To Paxson Communications." BOOM. All the air leaves the room, as 60 people all inhale/gasp. I'd never seen \f1 him before. Never heard him speak before. But his speech didn't leave me feeling scared or worried about the religious stuff, or the station's future, or even my job. I was an optimist back in those days. I had wide-eyed hopes that maybe this would be a good thing. They were gonna build a brand new major studio for us. A new owner could mean new opportunities. The sale of WIOD, when it was all complete, is one of the story-lines in my life that ended wide-eyed optimism. Santa, Tooth Fairy, Sale of WIOD. Not in that order.. But I digress, and I'm getting ahead of myself. Neil, Rick and Suds stay. Phil is staying with COX. Newsroom is being dismantled. Canes, Dolphins, gone. We're keeping a few of the Sports department, for now. This guy goes with WIOD, that guy stays. She's staying but he's leaving. We could be out in as soon as 30 days, so start packing, Thank you. And the meeting ends, and we walk back to the station, much slower, heads lower. And over the next few weeks, we boxed up 50 years worth of stuff, and prepared to have our parent company cut the cord, and hand us to an adoptive parent.. A strange, crazy, weird, dangerously unaware parent.\par
Like \f0\'b7 \'b7 Share \'b7 February 16 at 1:21am\par
\par
    Barry Rose, Jon Elias, James Eric Schuyler and 10 others like this.\par
    50 of 74\par
    View previous comments\par
    Adam Kirschner Wait... why can I see All Rogers? Did he make yet ANOTHER account to stalk people? Please hold... need to go block this one..\par
    February 17 at 6:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Yes, he did. Now he's blocked again.\par
    February 17 at 6:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    Alfred Rogers The very sight of Adam Kirschner has just left me blind\par
    February 17 at 6:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    Andy Myers It just said that his profile is inactive....\par
    February 17 at 6:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Andy Myers I tried to block him.\par
    February 17 at 6:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias V Here to stay V\par
    Jon Elias's photo.\par
    February 17 at 6:36pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner It's good to know though his material never changes, his creepy stalker-like desire to continue to follow everyone who wants nothing to do with him never ever changes. YOU GO, stalker man. Like far far away even.\par
    February 17 at 6:36pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Alfred Rogers Who out there gives a crap if Adam Kirschner blocks me I just looked up chicken shit in my thesaurus and there is a photo of Adam Kirschner\par
    February 17 at 6:36pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Lord can you imagine the stench emanating off that putrid, uneven, Mario brothers style mustache?\par
    February 17 at 6:39pm \'b7 Like \'b7 4\par
    Adam Kirschner Blocked\par
    February 17 at 6:39pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner If he's blocked, does that mean he can't read my bedtime stories?\par
    February 17 at 6:40pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Not from that name\par
    February 17 at 6:40pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias But if he starts a new one he can\par
    February 17 at 6:40pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner That's a given... He will create new ones. He has no life. Or brains.\par
    February 17 at 6:41pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I'm sure he either already has several ready to go or he's working on setting them up right now.\par
    February 17 at 6:41pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I'm reporting him. Thatmanyaccounts is clearly stalking\par
    February 17 at 6:43pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias You have grounds since he's starting new accounts and calling you out by name even though he knows you've blocked him. Don't know what they can do about it, but at least it's on the record.\par
    February 17 at 6:45pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner It's absolutely a harassment violation.. They've been sent links to his harassing comments on posts, multiple accounts and account names. They're investigating. If he has any brains at all and doesn't want all of his 47 accounts permanently cancelled he should high tail it out of this group permanently and not return... But he's a stalker, so he's not going to be able to walk away.\par
    February 17 at 7:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Scooter Livingston I got him blocked\par
    February 17 at 8:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Alfred Rogers Adam Kirschner Still a backstabbing idiot\par
    February 18 at 1:27am \'b7 Like\par
    Alfred Rogers Adam Kirschner the only member of this facebook Group who can type and molest his Bob Green and Brian Craig Blowdolls at the same time\par
    February 18 at 1:29am \'b7 Like\par
    Alfred Rogers Adam Kirschner does any care that Adam Kirschner blocks me You are one major narcissistic asshole... Does Liza Baron Kirschner know you are molesting Bob Green Dolls while wearing your Ann Coulter boxer shorts???\par
    February 18 at 1:32am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Seriously... WTF is WRONG WITH YOU. Why are you tagging my WIFE you crazy, stalking weirdo. Can someone BAN this a-hole already? Barry Rose? Someone? Hello?\par
    February 18 at 6:31am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Bruce Clifford Alfred Rogers stop the shit\par
    February 18 at 7:20am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Just ban him already. Enough of the 14 different accounts so the people who blocked him he can continue to harass and stalk. When you start tagging my goddam wife you're over the goddam line.\par
    February 18 at 7:24am \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Bruce Clifford I agree it is not cool. I will huddle with Barry Rose as we are both admins and will do something for sure\par
    February 18 at 7:27am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias As someone who participates in the group a lot, and as someone who enjoys talking with Adam on facebook in general, but also really appreciates that Adam gives us WIOD fans a real inside look at what happened behinds the scenes at the station so many o...See More\par
    February 18 at 7:40am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Charles Gyenizse Uh-huh\par
    February 18 at 7:43am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner "My home?! Where my kids sleep?!?" Its enough already. And everyone on here.. if you haven't blocked all his accounts, he's been to your page and looked at your family members... beware. I'm not kidding when I say he's a stalker.\par
    February 18 at 7:46am \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Zack Gilson {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHUWDjMmz5A }}{\fldrslt{https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHUWDjMmz5A\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Al Pacino - In My Home!\par
    {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK www.youtube.com }}{\fldrslt{www.youtube.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Al Pacino in The Godfather Part II. This is his reaction to the assassination attempt on his life in his own home.\par
    February 18 at 3:52pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Zack Gilson Neil, can i call somebody a douchebag??? Sure. Hey Alfred, you are a major league, grade A douchebag!!!!!\par
    February 18 at 3:55pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Fred Sowder Lots of great memories in that building. I think of and miss it often.\par
    February 18 at 4:17pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner OMG.. Alfred is FREDO! I KNEW IT WAS HIM!\par
    February 18 at 4:19pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Adam Kirschner "Who Alfred? Ah ya won't see him no more"\par
    February 18 at 4:19pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Daniel Ortega You know what's funny? I looked up chicken sh!t and it WAS actual sh!t....\par
    February 18 at 4:21pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I still think he's this guy...\par
    Jon Elias's photo.\par
    February 18 at 4:21pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Actually that guy was entertaining\par
    February 18 at 4:21pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias And employable\par
    February 18 at 4:22pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias What was that Mario game where he rode around on a scooter and stalked people? Oh, that was real.\par
    February 18 at 4:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner One HAS a big d!ck, and the other IS a big d!ck...\par
    Adam Kirschner's photo.\par
    February 18 at 4:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Andy Myers ^ That post got my attention\par
    February 18 at 4:25pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias One had to miss some work because he had a heart problem, and the other never works and has no heart.\par
    February 18 at 4:25pm \'b7 Like\par
    Fred Sowder What's funny is that I think I was one of the last employees to break off from Cox. I actually kept doing my weekend airshifts on Coast while still working for Paxson WIOD in Hollywood. This only lasted for about 2 or 3 months, but it was rather strange. My attitude was hey, if nobody else mentions the conflict of interest, I sure as hell won't!\par
    February 18 at 4:26pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias I can't speak of Coast, but one thing I noticed when I worked for Paxson, they didn't notice much of anything. Two weeks after I left the company the HR director called me and asked why I hadn't been coming in to work.\par
    February 18 at 4:28pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Daniel Ortega Wow. When HR doesn't notice, that is crazy.\par
    February 18 at 4:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Fred Sowder Maybe they did, but just didn't care. I was just a part time employee, after all.\par
    February 18 at 4:37pm \'b7 Like\par
    James Eric Schuyler Wow, I guess I hated the idea of blocking someone, especially someone so terminally pathetic. But I finally did it. It felt good, too. I envision a future in which EVERYONE blocks AL, but he continues to post defensive, barely literate attacks on ev...See More\par
    18 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    James Eric Schuyler Now, here's the Beatles..."I don't want to spoil the party so I'll go..."\par
    18 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Yeah, don't go away mad, just go away! By the way, I never realized how good it feels to block someone. Now that I know, I just go around facebook blocking people at random. I just blocked a nun in Kenosha, Wisconsin, a dog groomer in Buffalo, New York, and a Rabbi in Louisville, Kentucky. Just kidding; there are no Jews in Kentucky.\par
    18 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    James Eric Schuyler If you get a friend request from "Ralph Ogers..."\f2\fs22\lang9\par
}
 