{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner\par
December 20, 2014 at 12:55pm \'b7 Edited\par
\par
Saturday Morning Bedtime Story\par
\par
\ldblquote This Place is a ZOO!\rdblquote\par
\b0\par
One of the weirdest things about talk radio, including most morning shows that don\rquote t play any music, as opposed to any other format, is \ldblquote the Control Room\rdblquote . While there is a control board in the studio for the host to control the volume of the various microphones and cds, and computers, punch up callers onto the air, a dump button etc, there is also a control room that often not only had the same controls for the same elements, but ALSO has controls for things like satellite feeds for other programming, controls for non-show elements like the news guy\rquote s booth, the traffic guy\rquote s booth, etc.\par
\par
And because the guys in the control room needs to be not only able to answer the calls, and monitor every thing happening in all those other places, he\rquote s also the last line of defense of everything going on in the studio. Therefore, there\rquote s often a HUGE, double pane, soundproof, shatterproof glass window looking in on the other room. If the host starts waving his arms to get the Control Room\rquote s attention, they need to see it\'85 and vice versa. We\rquote d wave our arms to get their attention and then use hand signals to communicate.\par
\par
Holding your fists together and bending them in opposite directions means \ldblquote Another Break Already\rdblquote . Waving the vinyl album size pad of paper means \ldblquote You have a LIVE spot to read now!\rdblquote . Pointing at your eye means \ldblquote look at the screen\rdblquote . Putting your pointer finger to your temple with your thumb raised means the Program Director is on the hotline. But I digress.\par
\par
And because there\rquote s that HUGE glass window separating the two rooms, anyone who comes into the control room cannot only see everything going on in the studio, but the host can see everyone and everything going on in the control room.\par
\par
And people would wander in there, myself included when I wasn\rquote t running the board, to watch Uncle Neil. Hell, that\rquote s how I started working at WIOD. I was an intern counting COAST cards just sitting in the control room watching for my first 2 months there. And it was awesome.\par
\par
So because of that huge glass, it was like the \ldblquote Neil Rogers\rdblquote  zoo in there. People would wander in to marvel at the animal on the other side of the glass. \ldblquote Look at him roaring!\rdblquote  they\rquote d marvel. \ldblquote Ohh, he\rquote s eating!\rdblquote  they\rquote d titter. \ldblquote Is he flipping us off?\rdblquote  they\rquote d wonder.\par
\par
People out of the blue listening in their cubicles or in their offices or in the hallways (it was piped into every corner of the building, including the engineering department, accounting, even the restrooms) would hear something about themselves being mentioned on air, or about someone else, or just something they wanted to see in person and wander in to observe. Some wandered in because they had a legitimate reason to go in there, like engineering to fix something, or the trafficking department to write on the programming log, or production to put a few more cart commercials in the racks.. and they\rquote d inevitably stay to watch for a few minutes. And as soon as the beast beyond the glass noticed them, he salivated over the thought of grabbing by the throat verbally and eating them alive.\par
\par
There\rquote s a great example on video of this in action during the video clip of \ldblquote Nobody Rips You Better\rdblquote . Bald, cherub faced, cherub bodied engineer Steve Zeigler in the control room with a screwdriver to fix something, takes a seat on the counter to watch for a few. \ldblquote Go pull a cord somewhere! Go DO something!\rdblquote  Steve holds the screwdriver to his crotch intimating pulling his cord. \ldblquote Pull what? In your case a good question\rdblquote . And Steve just smiles and watches, like a kid peering into the gorilla cage.\par
\par
\ldblquote Villa Deli is here with a huge spread of food\'85\rdblquote  roars the beast. And 15 people wander into the controlroom to watch him feast, hopeful they\rquote ll get some scraps.\par
\par
\ldblquote Tom Denniberg had me go out to a client who wants me to sing at his kid\rquote s bar mitzvah\rdblquote  roars the beast\'85 and Tom wanders into the control room to watch and hear the beast gnaw on his ego.\par
\par
\ldblquote Boy Gary says we can\rquote t play \lquote Trouser Trout\rquote  any more, but I\rquote m gonna play it anyway\rdblquote  growls the beast while Gary stands in the control room, arms crossed, staring at the beast. \ldblquote Uncross those arms and keep snapping those suspenders there. It\rquote s about the only thing I\rquote ve ever seen you do well\rdblquote\par
\par
Not everyone who wandered in there had their carcasses shredded. Sometimes the beast beyond the glass was complimentary.. or the beast was busy talking. But it didn\rquote t matter. They came in and watched anyway.\par
\par
A few paragraphs back I described being lucky enough to have been allowed the keys to the zoo by Jorge and Neil to sit in there for hours at a time as \ldblquote awesome\rdblquote . That\rquote s a weak description, if I\rquote  honest. My first introduction to radio was watching NEIL GODDAM ROGERS do his show every weekday from 10-2 at WIOD. How frickin\rquote  lucky did I get?? I spent 4 years in high school, and 4 years in college, and the education I got from Uncle Neil in those 2 months changed me forever. One day I\rquote m applying for an internship, and the next, I\rquote m Jane Goodall in the African Jungle, memorized at just how human the beast really is.\par
Saturday Morning Bedtime Story \ldblquote This Place is a ZOO!\rdblquote  One of the weirdest things about talk radio, including most morning shows that don\rquote t play any music, as opposed to any other format, is \ldblquote the Control Room\rdblquote . While there is a control board in the studio for the host to control the volume of the various microphones and cds, and computers, punch up callers onto the air, a dump button etc, there is also a control room that often not only had the same controls for the same elements, but ALSO has controls for things like satellite feeds for other programming, controls for non-show elements like the news guy\rquote s booth, the traffic guy\rquote s booth, etc. And because the guys in the control room needs to be not only able to answer the calls, and monitor every thing happening in all those other places, he\rquote s also the last line of defense of everything going on in the studio. Therefore, there\rquote s often a HUGE, double pane, soundproof, shatterproof glass window looking in on the other room. If the host starts waving his arms to get the Control Room\rquote s attention, they need to see it\'85 and vice versa. We\rquote d wave our arms to get their attention and then use hand signals to communicate. Holding your fists together and bending them in opposite directions means \ldblquote Another Break Already\rdblquote . Waving the vinyl album size pad of paper means \ldblquote You have a LIVE spot to read now!\rdblquote . Pointing at your eye means \ldblquote look at the screen\rdblquote . Putting your pointer finger to your temple with your thumb raised means the Program Director is on the hotline. But I digress. And because there\rquote s that HUGE glass window separating the two rooms, anyone who comes into the control room cannot only see everything going on in the studio, but the host can see everyone and everything going on in the control room. And people would wander in there, myself included when I wasn\rquote t running the board, to watch Uncle Neil. Hell, that\rquote s how I started working at WIOD. I was an intern counting COAST cards just sitting in the control room watching for my first 2 months there. And it was awesome. So because of that huge glass, it was like the \ldblquote Neil Rogers\rdblquote  zoo in there. People would wander in to marvel at the animal on the other side of the glass. \ldblquote Look at him roaring!\rdblquote  they\rquote d marvel. \ldblquote Ohh, he\rquote s eating!\rdblquote  they\rquote d titter. \ldblquote Is he flipping us off?\rdblquote  they\rquote d wonder. People out of the blue listening in their cubicles or in their offices or in the hallways (it was piped into every corner of the building, including the engineering department, accounting, even the restrooms) would hear something about themselves being mentioned on air, or about someone else, or just something they wanted to see in person and wander in to observe. Some wandered in because they had a legitimate reason to go in there, like engineering to fix something, or the trafficking department to write on the programming log, or production to put a few more cart commercials in the racks.. and they\rquote d inevitably stay to watch for a few minutes. And as soon as the beast beyond the glass noticed them, he salivated over the thought of grabbing by the throat verbally and eating them alive. There\rquote s a great example on video of this in action during the video clip of \ldblquote Nobody Rips You Better\rdblquote . Bald, cherub faced, cherub bodied engineer Steve Zeigler in the control room with a screwdriver to fix something, takes a seat on the counter to watch for a few. \ldblquote Go pull a cord somewhere! Go DO something!\rdblquote  Steve holds the screwdriver to his crotch intimating pulling his cord. \ldblquote Pull what? In your case a good question\rdblquote . And Steve just smiles at watches, like a kid peering into the gorilla cage. \ldblquote Villa Deli is here with a huge spread of food\'85\rdblquote  roars the beast. And 15 people wander into the controlroom to watch him feast, hopeful they\rquote ll get some scraps. \ldblquote Tom Denniberg had me go out to a client who wants me to sing at his kid\rquote s bar mitzvah\rdblquote  roars the beast\'85 and Tom wanders into the control room to watch and hear the beast gnaw on his ego. \ldblquote Boy Gary says we can\rquote t play \lquote Trouser Trout\rquote  any more, but I\rquote m gonna play it anyway\rdblquote  growls the beast while Gary stands in the control room, arms crossed, staring at the beast. \ldblquote Uncross those arms and keep snapping those suspenders there. It\rquote s about the only thing I\rquote ve ever seen you do well\rdblquote  Not everyone who wandered in there had their carcasses shredded. Sometimes the beast beyond the glass was complimentary.. or the beast was busy talking. But it didn\rquote t matter. They came in and watched anyway. A few paragraphs back I described being lucky enough to have been allowed the keys to the zoo by Jorge and Neil to sit in there for hours at a time as \ldblquote awesome\rdblquote . That\rquote s a weak description, if I\rquote  honest. My first introduction to radio was watching NEIL GODDAM ROGERS do his show every weekday from 10-2 at WIOD. How frickin\rquote  lucky did I get?? I spent 4 years in high school, and 4 years in college, and the education I got from Uncle Neil in those 2 months changed me forever. One day I\rquote m applying for an internship, and the next, I\rquote m Jane Goodall in the African Jungle, memorized at just how human the beast really is.\par
Like \'b7 \'b7 Share\par
\par
    Neil Rogers-Radio, Sharon Mahony, Fred Sowder and 12 others like this.\par
    Paul Bourjaily Great stuff Adam! We want to hear as many "war stories" as possible!!\par
    December 20 at 1:24pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Thanks. I think I'm up to like 200 pages of these "Bedtime Stories".\par
    December 20 at 1:25pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Paul Bourjaily You could & SHOULD write a book! Between Neil, Rick & Suds there's a lifetime of laughs and insanity!!\par
    December 20 at 1:27pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I've started putting them in chronological order.. that's about as far as Ive gotten.. lol\par
    December 20 at 1:30pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker A new one!\par
    December 20 at 1:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mason Meyer I can relate...except it wasn't Neil or Miami. I grew up in Akron/Cleveland. At 17 I got to intern at the local talk radio station and was invited to sit in with the amazing, larger than life Howie Chizek. Howie had been doing middays with a 20 share for 20 years by this time. I was absolutely in awe while sitting there watching the Akron Beast do his thing live on the air. I could only imagine if that were Neil...\par
    December 20 at 1:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://youtu.be/qE4ONEisb8w?t=34s }}{\fldrslt{http://youtu.be/qE4ONEisb8w?t=34s\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs20\par
    Neil Rogers - Nobody rips you better\par
    Neil Rogers at his best...........\par
    youtube.com|By AntiStupidity4Ever\par
    December 20 at 1:35pm \'b7 Like\par
    Paul Bourjaily Gawd do I miss this man!!!!!!!!!\par
    December 20 at 1:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner thank NEIL GOD for this Facebook group and the legions of fans who have supplied old audio for "posterior".\par
    December 20 at 1:38pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    John Baker You were a lucky guy Adam to get to watch Neil for so long. Thanks for another great story.\par
    December 20 at 1:46pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker When is the book coming out?\par
    December 20 at 1:46pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner lol. I'm going straight to film as a screenplay.. if North Korea will allow it...\par
    December 20 at 1:48pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro Adam....Norm Kent told me of a guy that WANTS to do a movie based on Neil.....he forwarded me his e-mail if you're interested,,,,,,,,\par
    December 20 at 1:54pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Why yes... "YES-I-AM"\par
    December 20 at 1:55pm \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro\par
    Dan Santoro's photo.\par
    December 20 at 1:57pm \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro e-mail me rugbydan@bellsouth.net\par
    December 20 at 1:57pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Be sure to listen to Adam on Jorge Rodriguez's December 31, 2010 show.\par
    December 20 at 2:11pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Oy.. I forgot about that John Baker\par
    December 20 at 2:14pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro Adam & John check mailboxes\par
    December 20 at 2:33pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I did.. but I dont see nuthin...\par
    December 20 at 4:23pm \'b7 Like\par
    Dan Santoro Adam Kirschner I responded to your e-mail & got back a holiday I'm away reply so check that one\par
    December 20 at 5:38pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Ohhh snap. Stand by!\par
    December 20 at 5:39pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro Yes just saw it\par
    December 20 at 5:42pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Saw it.. Read it. Thanks. Not really sure I'd be the guy to get involved with a project like that.. He's looking to do a documentary on Neil.. I'm looking to script a major motion picture!\par
    December 20 at 5:42pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro It will only be a major motion picture if Gilbert plays the Bird and Boca Britany Somers is his love interest\par
    December 20 at 5:43pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    John Baker yewwwwww\par
    December 20 at 5:44pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner I see Neil, the station, the hosts, the players, the chronics, the audience, and the stories as way more universal than just South Florida. I'm going to North Korea's Hollywood\'99\par
    December 20 at 5:46pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Great stuff! The way you get these stories across I can actually see these things happening! If you're taking requests, more control room stories please, whenever you can get to them! I love the bedtime stories.\par
    December 21 at 10:05am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Andy Myers Adam Kirschner is a great story teller. These stories are spot on and, just like Neil and most WIOD hosts of that era, you really get an inside look.\par
    December 21 at 10:13am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Thanks guys... You're too kind.\par
    December 21 at 11:06am \'b7 Unlike \'b7 2\par
    Chuck Stark Adam, that story was awesome. I've been away from reading the page here daily and came back over to check it out and read this. A flood of memories came across my mind and I can't wipe this smile off my face. Miss Uncle Neil...\par
    December 22 at 6:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner I'll try to write another one soon\par
    December 22 at 6:35pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Chuck Stark I know it's not Neil's show, but waiting to here about the ride in the hearse during Rick n' Sud's show. It was funny as hell live!\par
    December 22 at 6:36pm \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Bongo Hawn Thank you, Adam. At the time, I was just a kid working a string of jobs in Pompano Beach warehouses, but Neil was always on every radio. Every warehouse, every day.\par
    December 22 at 7:09pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Ohh OK Chuck. I can work on that one..\par
    December 22 at 7:23pm \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Neil Rogers-Radio ...and the story too!\par
    December 22 at 7:41pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Dan Santoro Hey Adam Kirschner and all.....my comment above from Dec 20 "if Gilbert plays the Bird and Boca Britany Somers is his love interest" got me a FUCK YOU message from Boca B AND deletion/ban from her friend list......during the holidays!\par
    December 24 at 2:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Maybe those panties are a little too tight until that thing comes off in Sweeden\par
    December 25 at 9:40am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Strange tho... The guy/girl who rips people to shreds in parody songs can't handle that comment?\par
    December 25 at 9:42am \'b7 Like\par
    Michael Bongo Hawn That's not right.\par
    December 25 at 9:50am \'b7 Like\par
    Randall New Jorge stole it....\par
    December 25 at 9:56am \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Didn't Boca do a parody song about Shula having no sense of humor??\par
    December 25 at 9:58am \'b7 Like\par
    Mark LaPorta Beautifully , fondly, and intriguingly written.\par
    December 25 at 11:14am \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f1\fs22\lang9\par
}
 