{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f1\fswiss Arial;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\b\f0\fs20 Adam Kirschner February 17 2014\b0\par
Monday Afternoon Bedtime Story: The Sale of WIOD \f1\endash  Part 2\par
\par
"Woeful Interstate Of Doom"\par
\par
After the sale was finalized and we were given 30 days to vacate the "Wonderful Isle of Dreams", packing started really moving forward. None of the studio equipment was coming with us except the DCS. We could take the carts and reels. And anything "show" related we could carry.\par
\par
And I mean literally carry, because no moving trucks would be coming. We either had to use our own cars or make trips in the one station van.\par
\par
And over the course of a few weeks while we packed and said goodbyes to more than half our family, the busy bees known as the "Engineering Department" for Paxson Communications was working on building us new, state of the art, gigantic studios for us.\par
\par
- Inside a building already occupied by a mid-size marketing company we'd share the facilities with that hadn't been redecorated since 1982.\par
\par
But ok, so what, we'd have new neighbors.. So still.. The huge, state of the art brand-spankin-new studios.\par
\par
\f0 - Without any of the equipment we wanted or needed. "Reel to reel machines? Cart decks? Sorry\'85 we're digital now. Here's DAT tapes and a new computer system." Uhm, excuse me but without cart decks, how are we supposed to get that stuff off the carts to put into the computers? - "DOH! ROYYY!"\f1\par
\par
Ok, ok, I'm being nit picky, right? BEAUTIFUL, STATE of the ART Facilities.\par
\par
- 15 miles away from the offices occupied by the rest of the radio stations in the Paxson Miami chain. So twice a week, for meetings or other reasons, or to sign paperwork, or whatever reason, we'd have to drive there. To a place nobody knew us, recognized or cared about us.\par
\par
"oh, that sounds like a GOOD thing no?" you're probably thinking.\par
\par
\f0 - Yeah, except that the speakers in the ceiling piped in the PS system from the other building. So all day, while you were sitting in the open closet editing audio (yes, it really was an open closet door with a desk in it), you'd hear "Max Sitero report to the PlanetRadio studio please." "Andy McGee, your wife is at the front desk". "Hello? Hello? Wait this thing is on?"\'85. But I digress\'85 Back to the move.\f1\par
\par
\f0 So the day comes, Saturday, and it's moving day.. And me, and Jorge, and Wayne, and Fajita and Steve Speier, and Mark Hoffman and a bunch of other station soldiers load up their cars and the van for multiple trips to the new digs. And we make 4 or 5 trips like that, back and forth\'85.then spend the evening and much of the next day setting up our various areas. Jorge's got 2000 carts, 1000 reel-to-reels to organize A \f1\endash  ZZZ. I have a bullhorn, a 12 gallon bucket, and 3 racks of carts to start putting in place. The sports guys have a production desk at the end of a dead-end hallway. The continuity and traffic people are all crammed into a room that occasionally locks people in there. And we're all responsible for carrying things and getting the place ready to function.\par
\par
\f0 But the studios ARE beautiful, and brand spankin new and top notch.. If only things would work. Engineering had as much time as it took us to pack and move to put together all of these new studios, with equipment and boards and wiring everything and testing everything. I don't think Roy and Max and Leno had ever built a talk studio, so the little things that we would need were left out or we'd have to fight for.. (like cart decks)\'85 "Why would you need to have more than one call on the air? We didn't hoo\f1 k it up to do that". Yeah, I'm sure at "All Chick Rock-All The Time PLANET Radio they don't take many phone calls. We do. Get it done, ROY. Oh, and while you're at it, how about making sure we can dial OUT, okay? We do that some times, okay? If you have any issues, talk to the Program Director"\par
\par
\f0 And within a month or 2 of being on the air from that terrible building (only by comparison to what we'd had prior) most of the things were working\'85. Technically. What wasn't working? The station. There were so many gaps and open shifts that we seriously started believing that Nichol would rollerblade around on Miami Beach and ask people if they wanted to do a radio show. We still don't know, to this very day, where he found "The Sheik". My guess? Park bench on the Causeway.\f1\par
\par
So as quickly as they announced the sale, they blew out the PD Steve Nichol.. And brought in the Brain Trust, aka Harry "Penis" Valentine (aka the Program Director) and Walt Sabo (aka the Consultant). These two guys are as responsible as Buddy Bud for the demise of the station.\par
\par
\f0 And here's why: It's the talent that matters. People aren't listening for the goofy, campy time checks on the 1's (10:01, 10:11, 10:21, 10:31, 10:41) and people aren't listening for the self-aggrandizing, ego maniacal, pregnant woman punching, wanna be comic news guy. The station was best when it was a SEROUS NEWS AND SPORT STATION that had hosts that were a break from that. There was limited crossover, and much goofing on the news and the sports and the weather and the traffic\'85 but it was like Neil or \f1 Rick and Suds hijacked the serious station and took calls before the serious news guy could come back into the room. But once Harry and Walt showed up, not only were the news folks PURPOSELY trying to not just be funny (like "Florida's pot's not good, it's GREAT") but now all the sounders and music and time checks and traffic guys and weather reports and everything was this schlocky, campy, 1960's goofy throwback nonsense. Trust me.. Go back and listen to any of the dying days of that station on the uploaded shows the great folks on this Facebook page have uploaded. Just LISTENING to them now I still wince with the absolute destructiveness of that disaster. So sad. Check out that 1997 Rick and Suds show.. ouch..painful to listen to, and I'm not just talkign about the Rick and Suds part. Listen to it. everything else on that tape.. THAT's what killed WIOD...\par
\par
\f0 And every week or so, Bud and his cronies would come visit their red-headed step child at their satellite location on the side of I-95\'85 and talk to us about things that clearly illustrated his total lack of understanding about the business. When you say things so stupid that even the Sales Department laughs and the idiocy of what was said, you KNOW it was dumb. One of the things that stuck out, and Neil used to talk about was Bud's "PEAKS OF 20 SHARES!" comment. "We don't want to have good ratings all the time" he'd said.. "we want you to have okay numbers, then PEAKS of 20 SHARES!". Like that would help the sales department sell the station? They sell based on how many people are usually listening\'85 not what we might get lucky with a peak here and there.\f1\par
\par
And not long after that, Neil announced he was leaving.\par
\par
Next, Part 3 \endash  Neil's waning days, the slow painful death of WIOD and the start of the SuperTalk Radio Network.\par
Monday Afternoon Bedtime Story: The Sale of WIOD \endash  Part 2 "Woeful Interstate Of Doom" After the sale was finalized and we were given 30 days to vacate the "Wonderful Isle of Dreams", packing started really moving forward. None of the studio equipment was coming with us except the DCS. We could take the carts and reels. And anything "show" related we could carry. And I mean literally carry, because no moving trucks would be coming. We either had to use our own cars or make trips in the one station van. And over the course of a few weeks while we packed and said goodbyes to more than half our family, the busy bees known as the "Engineering Department" for Paxson Communications was working on building us new, state of the art, gigantic studios for us. - Inside a building already occupied by a mid-size marketing company we'd share the facilities with that hadn't been redecorated since 1982. But ok, so what, we'd have new neighbors.. So still.. The huge, state of the art brand-spankin-new studios. - Without any of the equipment we wanted or needed. "Reel \f0 to reel machines? Cart decks? Sorry\'85 we're digital now. Here's DAT tapes and a new computer system." Uhm, excuse me but without cart decks, how are we supposed to get that stuff off the carts to put into the computers? - "DOH! ROYYY!" Ok, ok, I'm being nit picky, right? BEAUTIFUL, STATE of the ART Facilities. - 15 miles away from the offices occupied by the rest of the radio stations in the Paxson Miami chain. So twice a week, for meetings or other reasons, or to sign paperwork, or whatever reason, we'd\f1  have to drive there. To a place nobody knew us, recognized or cared about us. "oh, that sounds like a GOOD thing no?" you're probably thinking. - Yeah, except that the speakers in the ceiling piped in the PS system from the other building. So all day, while you were sitting in the open closet editing audio (yes, it really was an open closet door with a desk in it), you'd here "Max Sitero report to the PlanetRadio studio please." "Andy McGee, your wife is at the front desk". "Hello? Hello? Wait this thi\f0 ng is on?"\'85. But I digress\'85 Back to the move. So the day comes, Saturday, and it's moving day.. And me, and Jorge, and Wayne, and Fajita and Steve Speier, and Mark Hoffman and a bunch of other station soldiers load up their cars and the van for multiple trips to the new digs. And we make 4 or 5 trips like that, back and forth\'85.then spend the evening and much of the next day setting up our various areas. Jorge's got 2000 carts, 1000 reel-to-reels to organize A \f1\endash  ZZZ. I have a bullhorn, a 12 gallon bucket, and 3 racks of carts to start putting in place. The sports guys have a production desk at the end of a dead-end hallway. The continuity and traffic people are all crammed into a room that occasionally locks people in there. And we're all responsible for carrying things and getting the place ready to function. But the studios ARE beautiful, and brand spankin new and top notch.. If only things would work. Engineering had as much time as it took us to pack and m\f0 ove to put together all of these new studios, with equipment and boards and wiring everything and testing everything. I don't think Roy and Max and Leno had ever built a talk studio, so the little things that we would need were left out or we'd have to fight for.. (like cart decks)\'85 "Why would you need to have more than one call on the air? We didn't hook it up to do that". Yeah, I'm sure at "All Chick Rock-All The Time PLANET Radio they don't take many phone calls. We do. Get it done, ROY. Oh, and while you're at it, how about making sure we can dial OUT, okay? We do that some times, okay? If you have any issues, talk to the Program Director" And within a month or 2 of being on the air from that terrible building (only by comparison to what we'd had prior) most of the things were working\'85. Technically. What wasn't working? The station. There were so many gaps and open shifts that we seriously started believing that Nichol would rollerblade around on Miami Beach and ask people if they wanted to do a r\f1 adio show. We still don't know, to this very day, where he found "The Sheik". My guess? Park bench on the Causeway. So as quickly as they announced the sale, they blew out the PD Steve Nichol.. And brought in the Brain Trust, aka Harry "Penis" Valentine (aka the Program Director) and Walt Sabo (aka the Consultant). These two guys are as responsible as Buddy Bud for the demise of the station. And here's why: It's the talent that matters. People aren't listening for the goofy, campy time checks on the 1's\f0  (10:01, 10:11, 10:21, 10:31, 10:41) and people aren't listening for the self-aggrandizing, ego maniacal, pregnant woman punching, wanna be comic news guy. The station was best when it was a SEROUS NEWS AND SPORT STATION that had hosts that were a break from that. There was limited crossover, and much goofing on the news and the sports and the weather and the traffic\'85 but it was like Neil or Rick and Suds hijacked the serious station and took calls before the serious news guy could come back into the ro\f1 om. But once Harry and Walt showed up, not only were the news folks PURPOSELY trying to not just be funny (like "Florida's pot's not good, it's GREAT") but now all the sounders and music and time checks and traffic guys and weather reports and everything was this schlocky, campy, 1960's goofy throwback nonsense. Trust me.. Go back and listen to any of the dying days of that station on the uploaded shows the great folks on this Facebook page have uploaded. Just LISTENING to them now I still wince with th\f0 e absolute destructiveness of that disaster. So sad. Check out that 1997 Rick and Suds show.. ouch..painful to listen to, and I'm not just talkign about the Rick and Suds part. Listen to it. everything else on that tape.. THAT's what killed WIOD... And every week or so, Bud and his cronies would come visit their red-headed step child at their satellite location on the side of I-95\'85 and talk to us about things that clearly illustrated his total lack of understanding about the business. When you say things so stupid that even the Sales Department laughs and the idiocy of what was said, you KNOW it was dumb. One of the things that stuck out, and Neil used to talk about was Bud's "PEAKS OF 20 SHARES!" comment. "We don't want to have good ratings all the time" he'd said.. "we want you to have okay numbers, then PEAKS of 20 SHARES!". Like that would help the sales department sell the station? They sell based on how many people are usually listening\'85 not what we might get lucky with a peak here and there. An\f1 d not long after that, Neil announced he was leaving. Next, Part 3 \endash  Neil's waning days, the slow painful death of WIOD and the start of the SuperTalk Radio Network.\par
Like \f0\'b7 \'b7 Share \'b7 February 17 at 5:00pm \'b7 Edited\par
\par
    Barry Rose, Jon Elias, James Eric Schuyler and 10 others like this.\par
    Chris Duffy great stuff! Fleetwood Gruver took me on a tour of the Wonderful Isle Of Dreams in 1992 when I was just a pup looking to get into Florida radio. What a special place it must have been. Youre lucky!\par
    February 17 at 5:23pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Peter Leonard u should write a book....interview all of us with our fave stories of "the biz"....unfortunately the only people who'd BUY it are US! but we're RADIO PEEPS...we'd want FREE COPIES!!!!!\par
    February 17 at 5:16pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias "but now all the sounders and music and time checks and traffic guys and weather reports and everything was this schlocky, campy, 1960's goofy throwback nonsense."\par
\par
    Yeah, those things made it hard to even stick around and listen for the good parts. It ...See More\par
    February 17 at 5:27pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias By the way, as I mentioned in part one, I was working for Paxson Corporate at the time. It was pretty well known around there that Paxson himself wasn't too interested in what was going on with his radio stations and was putting all of his efforts into getting his TV network off the ground, but that's another story.\par
    February 17 at 5:29pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner Best. Analogy. EVAR!\par
    February 17 at 5:30pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Chris Duffy I just remember in Radio & Records Magazine, Bud insisted in an interview he was in radio to stay. And sold everything within two months......they actually called him out on his quote in a follow up, and he said, simply, "I lied."\par
\par
    I remember thinking "How very Christian of you, Mr Sanctimonious."\par
    February 17 at 5:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner We felt that it was a violation of our integrity as "the entertainment" side of the house.\par
    February 17 at 5:32pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I won't lie, he was always nice to me as a person, but when he got mad at someone (like during a phone call where everyone could hear his end very clearly) the Christianity stuff took a backseat.\par
    February 17 at 5:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner In all honesty, I never felt or saw any religious pressure beyond the handbook mention to adhere to christian values, whatever that meant...\par
    February 17 at 5:34pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Yeah when you walked in the front door of corporate there was a plaque on the wall that said something along the lines of "Paxson Communications Corporation - Applying Sacred Values in a Secular Company." The plaque was right above that day's stock price. A LOT of cursing went on over there (not by him)\par
    February 17 at 5:37pm \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Breznay Yeah we'll work for Paxon, he's like Wayne with more hair.\par
    February 17 at 5:37pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Chris Duffy I just remember his yacht-slash-cruise ship tied up up in Palm Beach and chuckling 'WWJS' ...What Would Jesus Sail!?\par
    February 17 at 5:37pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I remember at one of the Christmas parties the company presented him with a flag for his yacht with the company logo on it and everyone made sure he could see them clapping. Nobody wanted to be the first one to sit down and stop.\par
    February 17 at 5:39pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner I didn't not like Bud. Walt and Harry should die of gonorrhea.\par
    February 17 at 7:36pm \'b7 Like \'b7 3\par
    Peter Leonard Bud married the stripper his granddaughter's age....\par
    February 17 at 7:37pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Good for him!\par
    February 17 at 7:38pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Bud was nice to me. I got along with one of his sons too, although I wouldn't say we were friends. The way to survive working in that corporate office was to let them know you didn't really give a crap and could probably get a better job if you lost th...See More\par
    February 17 at 8:00pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Here's a funny memory from the TV network. They had a first-run game show hosted by Peter Marshall who was about 120 years old. It was a movie trivia show, but I can't remember the name, something with the word "Reel" in it. It was live on tape, and it was awesome. Nobody could score any points, because Peter kept having to throw question after question out since he kept giving out the answers.\par
    February 17 at 8:07pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Mark Hoffmann Can't wait to see how it ends.\par
    February 17 at 9:14pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Not well.\par
    February 17 at 9:50pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Andy Myers "It was live on tape" ROFLMAO\par
    February 17 at 9:57pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I'm sorry, it was filmed live and aired unedited.\par
    February 17 at 10:13pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Andy Myers Live on tape was funnier\par
    February 17 at 10:13pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias I always thought it was an acceptable term.\par
    February 17 at 10:14pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Anyway, none of the contestants ever got their prizes, and the host never got paid, so there was a lot wrong with the entire project\par
    February 17 at 10:15pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias And if you think that's funny, Peter Marshall's real name is Pierre LaCock.\par
    February 17 at 10:17pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Adam Kirschner He has a wife, you know\par
    February 17 at 10:17pm \'b7 Like \'b7 2\par
    Jon Elias Mrs. LaCock\par
    February 17 at 10:21pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias So to get things back on track, at least for the moment, any idea when Part 3 will be posted?\par
    February 17 at 10:23pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner In time, Karas. in time.\par
    February 17 at 10:26pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias Cool, but I'm not Alex Karras\par
    February 17 at 10:27pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Adam Kirschner Father Karas.\par
    February 17 at 10:28pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias First and probably last Alex Karras reference in this group\par
    February 17 at 10:28pm \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias The Exorcist?\par
    February 17 at 10:28pm \'b7 Like\par
    Adam Kirschner Father Karras: "Did you do that?" Demon Voice: "Uh-huh." Father Karras: "Do it again." Demon Voice: "In time." Father Karras: "No, now." Demon Voice: "In time.\par
    February 17 at 10:33pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias Took me a while. Been a long time since I've seen it, and the film too.\par
    February 17 at 10:35pm \'b7 Like\par
    John Baker Now I get Phi's ref to the cattle cars was not just part of the Jew list that fake Bob Green was compiling. It was that you all had to cross the Red Sea in your own cars. Hope you guys got paid some over time for the work.\par
    February 17 at 11:57pm \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Alfred Rogers Maybe the ghost of Neil Rogers will haunt Adam Kirschner\par
    February 18 at 1:25am \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    James Eric Schuyler I can confirm that live-to-tape or live-on-tape are acceptable terms for shows that are recorded but edited very lightly or not at all for a live, warts-and-all ambiance. This let shows such as Dark Shadows get away with leaving all the technical glit...See More\par
    17 hours ago \'b7 Edited \'b7 Like\par
    Jon Elias I feel vindicated! But it doesn't change the fact that Pierre "Peter Marshall" LaCock never got paid.\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    James Eric Schuyler What a tragic waste of a perfectly good porn name.\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Unlike \'b7 3\par
    Jon Elias Fun Fact: Peter's son Pete used his real name during his MLB career. Now if you go back and watch Beer League you'll know why Artie Lange called one of his teammates "Pete LaCock"\par
    16 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Michael Hutchins Awesome! Really appreciate these Adam Kirschner.\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    James Eric Schuyler Artie Lange can't remember people's names anymore. He calls everyone Pete LaCock. It really upsets his mom.\par
    6 hours ago \'b7 Like \'b7 1\par
    Jon Elias He lives in the same town as me. I don't remember the whole story, but a while ago, I think while he was still on Stern's show, someone found him in a park here and thought he was dead (he died?) but he was just really out of it and they couldn't wake him up for quite a while.\f2\fs22\lang9\par
}
 